When I go to washroom, I discharge blood and mucus?
I would have Dizziness, Headaches and an over all feeling of being un-well?
My antidepressants destroyed my libido, what other medication can help me?
I had my appendix removed about nine years ago, I’ve been having pains every since?
I have had a bacterial infection, need doctor advice?
Since late last year, l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?
I developed pneumonia, wheezing, doctors don’t know what is wrong?
Right hand was crushed/squeezed with limited motion 4th metacarpal is broke?
Question: 5 weeks pregnant….safe to take medications?
I have Temporal lobe epilepsy, I feel extremely fatigued after meals, is it Diabetes?
My doctor has recommended tear duct fusion, is it safe?
I am suffering from Bell’s palsy from 11 days?
It’s been 6 weeks since I had my  surgery to my acl and meniscus, today  my leg popped ?
My daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-Freischer ring?
I am diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic, I’ve been troubled with extreme fatigue
I started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib,  should my doctor do other tests?
I have Acoustic Nouroma Tumour, should I have full surgery or partial with radiation?
I’ve been on ADHD medication for several years now,don’t have any sexual drive/libido?
I had blood test done, my arm is now black, blue and red?
My blood pressure has dropped to around 90/60, now at  85/55 and my heart rate is at 123/min?
Question: Caught malaria in Africa?
My hand shakes, the tremor continues and my friends and family noticed it.
I got a lump on my right side, very sore, bleeding, what should I do?
I have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms after HIV exposure?
Does anyone knows what is this on my baby’s mouth ?
My stepmother put me on lithium but I don’t need it – I’m not bipolar?
I do a lot of cardio exercises, but now lungs hurt, I have bad cough that tastes blood?
I have some scars in my nose that are irritating, a lot of bleeding every day?
I have been having bouts of severe stomach pain?
My doctor prescribed Belviq XR(20mg) and Phentermine(15mg) for weight loss?
Question: Strange condition makes me cramp up like a seizure?
I have fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis I have extreme numbness and tingling in my wrists arms hands and fingers, severe jaw and shoulder pain?
I had a motor  nerve conduction study that, according to my doctor, is clean, need second opinion?
Question: Ringing in ears…. and I have no balance
I am peg tube feeding my mother, complicated medical history, need advice?
I had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar I have started to feel worse?
I have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?
I am concerned about my aortic valve and pulmonary valve peak gradient, need second opinion?
Underwent TURP 3 months ago.Now have multi drug resistant Pseudomonas UTI
I jumped a fence, punctures in my leg and hand, do I need tetanus shot, ER?
I was given an IV incorrectly in the ER which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis?
What could be the cause of low Low hemoglobin?
My grandfather passed away at hospital, choked on food?
Suffering panic/anxiety attacks, psychiatrist keeps increasing meds, feel my brain is sleeping?
It was recently discovered that I have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary.  Other than surgery, is there any other remedy?
Question: I started bleeding during intercourse…why?
4 year old son has a lump on the back of his neck?
Question: I have brown spots on both the legs.
I hurt my shoulder, doctor put me on arm sling, now doctor says fractured humuras?
I have gastric problems with itching and breathing problems, getting worse?
Question:  Reddish and yellowish kind of substance coming from my vagina?
I have petechiae, spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves, need second medical opinion?
I am trying to have abortion, 4 tablets of cytotec enough?
I am a cheerleader, my leg cracked?
Question: Not able to breathe when exercising when I have used my Ventolin?
Question: White cells at 12000, is it leukemia … I’m scared!
I was diagnosed with epilepsy, I’m not sure of this diagnosis?
Question: Felt a stinging pain then a sharp pain…fang marks
I’m 29 years old and suffering with high blood pressure, taking Capoten and Lophrin?
I have night sweats, dizziness, nausea and shortness of breath?
Cough that won’t go away, doctor prescribed decongestants, antibiotics and steroids, need second opinion?
My 13 year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?
I’ve been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?
My Labia Minora are swollen with blood.  Daktarin doesn’t work?
Are my semen analysis results good enough to have a child?
I had an acute EBV antibody test done and my results were all negative
My son is six and gets repeated nose bleeds since he was little?
Question: Competitive swimmer heart slows down and feels dizzy then heart races
Very low blood pressure 80/50  I am on blood med, please advise?
I have back pain with red spotty rashes?
I have a 2.5cm spot on my Iliac Bone. Should I be concerned and demand an MRI?
I have Herpes simplex virus 2, I may have passed this to my baby boy?
My mom seems to have liver disease, seen doctor and had lab work,  She is not getting any better?
I have a skin disease, but no idea what it is?
5 year old daughter has leg pain, doctors suggested Haematology &. Serology?
Can CO2 levels of 73 or 74 mmHg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?
I have seen many doctors but still no answers, droop in left shoulder and spine curved?
I have pain that radiates to my back and down my leg to the knee.Any ideas?
I have a lump at the bottom of my spine?
Question: Epigastric pain…what’s wrong?
I have severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis), what are my next steps?
I have asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and Erectile dysfunction (ED)
I have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks, need advice ?
What do my MRI results indicate?
I’ve been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?
I have feet pain. I want to cry when I stand back up they hurt on a scale of 10, no one knows why?
Pain in abdominal upper center left side?
I have Irregular periods and I am trying to get pregnant?
I suffer from severe belly aches for years now…what could it be?
Question: My father has had angiography today – 80%-90% blockage – another angiography? or bypass surgery.
Question: Newer cold and flu remedies for infants?
I received cortisone shots in my scalp for the purpose of hair growth but the shot left me with hyper pigmentation?
Doctor says I should remove my gallbladder, need second opinion?
Pain left breast, cough, 103 fever, cannot sleep on side?
I have been admitted to hospital, no diagnosis, do you have any ideas?
I have chronic sinusitis, can’t use continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), need relief?
Question: Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma – Primary Mediastima : abnormal non mass like circumferential mucosal hyperdensity present
I’ve been sick for over a year now not being able to do basic human things?
When I wake up in the morning, I experience self-attacking thoughts and feelings?
Blood clots cannot be broken up, doctors say there is nothing left to do, need second opinion?
Admitted to hospital with recurring stomach pains, would it warrant staying off work?
Over the past 4 months I feel like doing nothing, no energy, no drive, I also feel down?
I woke up with swollen parotid glands?
Question: Electric type shock in buttocks, rectum down leg, doctor don’t know cause
I SUFFER FROM Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) CAN I DO A RHINOPLASTY?
Question: Bad taste in my mouth for a month and a half now
I was diagnosed with carotid artery disease last year wondering if what my doctor has done is right?
My hair has been thinning over the past few years, taking Minoxidil, is it safe?
I had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the L5-S1 around 8-9 months ago for some pretty painful sciatica?
I have back pain in lower back. It hurts when i cough or sneeze?
Pain in chest with palpable lump, no diagnosis can be made?
Small thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery should i start taking Xarelto (Rivaroxaban)?
I have fibromyalgia, being treated by neurologist, now bladder is achy and heavy (pressure) with pain?
My 12 year old son has pain on his front thigh, we visited many doctors, no diagnosis
My hip is very painful, doctors didn’t find anything?
my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood?
I was born with small intestines – now held together with pins, I’m pregnant, will pins hold?
I was found unconscious  at work. Black eye, broken maxilla, concussion, no bruising anywhere
Question: Heavy period…it’s embarrasing
Question: I was diagnosed with candida albicans in May
My right foot CT scan shows distortion, My leg is swollen?
I have an acute dextroscoliosis, I feel pain when I skip meals?
I woke up with double vision, extreme dizzy spells,  aneurysm in the family?
I just find out by a x ray I have 10 stables inside of me, is it normal after surgery?
I am a 26 year old married female and i am trying to conceive a baby since 2 years now but failed, need advice?
I suffer from joint hypermobility,what do you recommend?
My PSA and free PSA have been rising but not consistently?
I have bursitis in one arm, the other arm also hurting, can it be high blood pressure?
I think I may have septic shock, I’m extremely weak, can’t sleep, fever?
Question: Diagnosed with hyperbilirubinemia…please suggest alternate treatment
I’ve been ill for two years,  Lyme disease, neck weakness and arm shaking, is my condition treatable?
My little boy who is 27 months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?
I have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid I don’t want surgery but scared to lose uterus?
I’ve got a wrist and palm injury in my right hand?
I had hernia repair 6 weeks ago – Incisional and belly button?
I hurt my lower back, now I am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed?
Question: Vocal cords constrict…can’t breath?
Itching that spread over my leg. It has been a year and has gotten worse?
Fatigue, sometimes foggy memory, lower back & headache pain, occasional chest pain?
When I try to drink any substantial amount of water, I feel sick and get diarrhea?
I am suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease?
Have a stabbing pain in my right ear…  thought a spider crawled inside?
My mom has one hip is a little higher up than the other, and it hurts?
I had fever, bad cough, pain and chills for a week?
I have a burning pain in pelvic, lower abdomen & intestines?
I have excessive vaginal discharge, white and thick and odor is bad, getting worse?
Blood pressure was 240/110 admitted to hospital…need 2nd opinion
My right hand and foot have been numb I can’t move and it’s painful?
Question: Infection on my both soles of my feet?
Red blisters from cat scratch and cellulitis in ankle not healing?
Debilitating back pain unable to do anything, tests show connective tissue disease
My frenulum tore, so i decided to cut it off?
My left arm biceps started to twitch, no solution?
I get a sharp shooting pain when I swallow?
I’ve been diagnosed with MS (Multiple Sclerosis)
I’m off from work, can’t use my hand, pain in arm, can I return to work?
I had rhabdomyosarcoma and chemotherapy as a child, I started having menstrual problems?
I have a lot of abdominal pain one side,up near the ribs and lower down in the pelvic region?
Does taking prednsolone change the antibodies you have already acquired for an old herpes 2 infection?
I have a lot of pain in my lower arm?
Question: Something sticking in my mouth…I’m paranoid about cancer
Stopped Prednisone, will I suffer withdrawal, will I suffer adrenaline crisis?
Question: Snow border suffers stiffness in both Achilles…can’t get to a doctor
My ankles and feet are swollen 24/7 doctor can’t seem to figure out what is causing it?
We are in the jungles of Equatorial New Guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?
I was in contact with a Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) patient?
Question: I am pregnant but I have a weak heart…I’m scared
Hockey player has ankle problems, tenderness, bruising and a good bit of swelling?
I have recently been diagnosed with HSP (Henoch-Schonlein Purpura), doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk, need second opinion?
Question: Rectal exam…you have cancer?
Question: MRI for fibromyalgia?
I have dark circles under eyes, body aches and fatigue. could it be Addison disease?
I have severe sinus blockages and infection so I am having sinus surgery?
Question: I get feelings of déjà vu…need to close my eyes to make it go away!
I’ve had stomach problems and panic attacks since I was 10, need some relief?
I have a small herniated disk C5C6 does not touch the main nerve, but the pain is incredible , I can’t work, I can’t practice sport anymore, I can’t even walk?
I am a 20 male and I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, am I taking the wrong Meds?
I recently got a implant done, but during my healing / antibiotics stage – my tongue started to appear like I have oral thrush?
Question: Violent spasms in my head when going to sleep
Our baby is 5 weeks old. Had bronchiolitis and therapy, screams but we don’t know why?
I had a transvaginal scan both ovaries polycystic gestational sac bleed?
Can you help me read my MRI arthrogram?
I keep getting attacks, I sweat and get hot, then I start the cold chills?
Stabbing chest pains, had several cardiac tests, all OK?
Question: Doctors say I have Attention Deficit Disorder….all I want to do is give up
I am pregnant,  how long should I wait after I stop taking Valtrex to nurse?
Have had chronic dysentery daily for 3 months?
I have scabies, will my family get them?
Can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?
Question: Rape victim asks, Is it STI?
I am having frequent left chest pain –  echo,stress test,ECG all normal?
I broke my left clavicle in a mountain biking accident about 3 years ago?
I have the worst motion and travel sickness?
I was in a bad car accident.. since then, I commonly feel completely different?
Been having chest pains for quite some time now?
I had Rubella during pregnancy, will child be crippled or abnormal, should I get an abortion?
Does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting Alzheimers or dementia?
Question: I want to increase eumelanin production while decreasing pheomelanin
My muscles are very weak, cancer has been ruled out…I’m lost?
Question: Spirometry test…last resort!
I play soccer, tore my acl and lcl, do I really need surgery or can I continue to play?
Diagnosed with type 1 diabetes I believe not been monitored by doctor closely enough?
I have had lumps and white discoloration on my tongue and coughing up blood?
I have debilitating shoulder pain, acupuncture, physio and doctors may have caused permanent damage?
I have hashimotos.  Am i going to have heart problems within few years?
I’ve been having terrible heart palpitations, ended up in the ER, Please help me?
Question: 14 doctors have no solution for my situation
I had 2 endometrial biopsy-both came negative do I need another biopsy?
I felt pain around the skin on my vagina.  Well, today I have a lump quarter sized or larger?
I’ve started suffering burning muscle pain and achy joint pain, I’ve been fatigued, experienced brain fog?
Question: 4 year old is allergic to carrots?
Infected finger becoming numb?
Surgery all set to go tomorrow 8 AM. Problem I forgot to take the eye drops until 4pm today?
Sprayed and breathed in too much Raid, now feel exhausted and hard to breathe?
I have a mole/wart on my right hand palm, is it dangerous?
I have rash on my leg it’s only got worse, it itches and feels hot?
Question: I have fever…is it Zika Virus?
I have rheumatoid arthritis, stopped taking meds, will I be OK?
I had gallstones, fatty liver, now blood in stools and blood in mouth?
Question: My mom is in a depression…what can I do?
Lost 30 pounds without trying.  I’m extremely tired all the time. Nausea and vomiting?
I had a face lift  two weeks ago I now have  nerve damage on left side of my face?
My mouth just filled with dark red blood?
I have parathyroids on my aortic arch. Can this cause a heart attack?
I have got pimples all over my face.. I changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help?
I think I have Sleep-Related Eating Disorders – Night eating syndrome?
Diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and Depression trying to stop medication?
I am a 21 year old female, previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder,  I have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?
Question: One year old blind boy can’t move..please help?
My problem is I am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening, as if I am ready to fall asleep?
I may developed keloid or hypertrophic scar, which do I have?
I have burning sensations on my chest and whole body, had false diagnosis, need second opinion?
Question: I’m completely debilitated when I’m sick, why?
For over a year my urine has smelled of sulphur?
I had energy supplements  now feeling dizzy and passed out today?
I had wrist surgery it was the biggest mistake of my life?
Question: My body is swelling, losing control of hands and feet
Question: For the past week now my heart has been pounding really non stop
My son is 5 years old nausea, vomiting, loose motion, accompanied by constipation?
I have problem breathing and its progressing?
My 11th rib pulled out of place, is there a medical procedure to put it back?
Dealing with being nauseous for a couple months,it feels like my body is poisoned
My friend has immunodeficiency, can’t eat, doctors say depression, any advice?
My boyfriend’s niece and nephew are albinos, will he be a carrier for the gene?
Can this these dots be herpes, hpv, syphillis or some type of std?
I have dizzy spells, my body shakes, feels as if someone is driving a knife into my brain
Major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?
I have pain in the chest, palpitations and my left hand hurts?
I am 20 weeks pregnant and I think I have a severe kidney infection?
After reconstructive surgery, I have extreme pain when I relax bladder muscles?
I haven’t had a period for 4 months?
Question: There are worms under my skin and along my belly
I have sharp stinging pain in my thigh after professional massage therapy is it a nerve injury?
Hi I have a 15 year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
I have a white growth (lump) in the side of my throat?
Pressure like pain in my chest, feels like someone is standing on it. Flares up when I take painkillers?
I had important surgery to remove appendix, may have Intestinal adhesion problem, need second opinion before surgery?
I have a growth on skin,  it is indented in and the “scab” like thing over it is as hard as a rock
What can be done when Heterotopic ossification breaks off?
I would like to make my left ankle look normal again?
I had pains when swallowing, tired when exerting with unbearable pain. On and off?
I have low blood pressure, low heart rate, tired and lack energy is it normal?
Ive been having left chest and shoulder pain, and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?
Question: I’ve had pain in my legs for a couple months now?
We’re trying to have a baby, here are semen test results?
Sudden bald spot on top of head, please advise?
I had an acute EBV antibody test done can i rule out the very rare fatal disease SCAEBV?
My blood test results are abnormal, should I be concerned?
I’m 25 yr old, had heart attack, heart rate at rest 85-90, chest pain, is it caused by energy drinks?
My daughter developed a rash on legs, may have been bug bites?
I have severe nose bleed, do I need cauterization?
Have been to emergency twice with vagina pain,  they don’t know why I’m experiencing this?
My mother has Multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and coughing blood?
diagnosed with endometrioma in both ovaries do I also have Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)?
I am having a vibration like effect in my upper left chest area – I am quite worried
I have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like “drowning “?
Rash behind my ears, spread to neck and face Is this more then just an allergic reaction?
I had a CAT Scan (CT) will radiation increase my cancer risk?
I am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?
Head spasm followed by headache and blurring of vision?
Mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region  when I press that region?
My 14 1/2 year old daughter has been getting a little bruise looking purplish rash on her earlobe for about a year?
I suffer from dyspnoea with muscle cramps in arms and feet?
My doctor wants to do an injection should a cortisone injection be done without ultra sound guidance?
Is it Immunoglobulin G4- related disease (IgG4-RD) or Pancreatitis?
I fainted, hit my head, vomited black, now feel numbness?
I have been getting stomach pain that  travels around to my back?
My son has eye discharge, so sticky cannot open his eyes?
I have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection?
I’ve been taking Propranolol for the chest pains, now have headaches and pain on left side of head and body?
My wife is not eating, without medical insurance will likely end up dead?
Fingers numb and tingle, belly bloated, UTI, Fallopian tube hurts?
I have been experiencing pain which never goes away?
I had neck and back fusion c3 t2, surgery went bad, can I get bars out?
Question: I gave birth 6 weeks ago…pain in my legs chest and back
I have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
I made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a 14 year old I took anabolic steroids?
When I wake up I feel stomach aches, super hot, muscle soreness, headaches/migraines, constant hacking and sweating.
Hands swelling for 18 hours  – what should I do?
My baby’s arms measure 7 weeks behind and her legs 2 weeks behind?
Does my Mri finding suggest MS? Is a LP or second episode/mri still needed for diagnosis?
Question: Is it a really bad charley horse cramp or dangerous seizure?
Sinus issues mucous build up in nose and post nasal drip. do I need surgery
I am a 26 year old female who has ADHD and OCD, adderall is causing some problems?
my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than 8 years?
Sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away, doctors have tried everything?
I was detected with the HBsAg positive, What should i do now?
I have long term diarrhea and it doesn’t stop for months?
I fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy, now having non stop hot flashes?
Question: Excessive Face and Head Sweating
My mother had a severe pain in her lower back can’t walk far, sleeping all the time, spacey, urination problems?
I have heavy pain  in both side of my head that causes dizziness, sometimes in my back and neck?
I have been having breathlessness and dizziness which has been almost constant. I am extremely fatigued and have had occasional chest pains?
I have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?
I had acute Myocarditis taking Azythromicin worried about  heart stopping side effect
My father has been diagnosed with brain tumor – requires surgery, medication or other treatment?
I’m having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of 5, 6, 7?
I was diagnosed with diabetes, shouldn’t my doctor suggest Metformin?
I had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?
I have bacterial vaginosis, my partner has gonoccocal urethritis, I’m really worried?
Question: My son has syndrome Aicardi–Goutières
I began suffering with tailbone pain without injury approximately 5 months ago, could it be my mirena?
Question: My boyfriend has an extra bone in his leg?
I was diagnosed with Plantar Fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids
What do my blood test results mean?
Question: After taking Adderall, heart rate high, breathing hard, feeling dizzy?
Can I take Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) tablets while having a contraception implant?
My 4 month old boy is having seizures, is  Eptoin (Phenytoin) the right treatment?
I noticed a burning sensation on my side, the redness spread and turned red/purple and still spreading?
Do I have hyperparathyroidism?
I had neuroendocrine tumor evaluation, is it affected by an increase in pancreatic polypeptides?
I am on Lisinopril .10 mg Dermatologist recently prescribed .25 mg of spironolactone. Is this safe?
Diagnosed with myoclonus dystonia after years of baffling medical tests, living with too many animals?
I’ve been diagnosed with Strep but my test came back negative?
Question: Positive antinuclear antibody test…what should I do?
I am in the mid twenties, never had morning erection, genitals look like that of a child?
My bladder feels full and burns, urethra itches, tests all OK?
I was diagnosed with a concussion, now have dizzy spells?
I have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye, is it cancer?
I was born with one kidney and tested slightly positive for hsv-2?
My toe got blacker and it’s swollen I don’t know what the problem is?
I’ve been having progressive symptoms for almost 2 years now doctors don’t know what’s wrong?
I was choked, now have difficulty swallowing, soar throat and feel pressure?
I’m a 44 year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for 4 months?
I have a tumor on my scalp?
23 years old Multiple sclerosis (MS) patient for about 10 years, is medication necessary?
Question: Leg falls asleep throughout the day?
I have been suffering from joint disease for 2 months?
I have spherocytocis,  I had surgery to remove my spleen last week, however I just had another gallbladder attack?
I have symptoms of gluten allergy, but tests show no allergy nor Celiac disease?
I had a cyst removed on my neck, I was diagnosed with a C Diff Infection
I am 10 weeks pregnant  I am having severe back pain, headache for past few days?
Question: 37 weeks pregnant is it okay to drink caster oil to induce labor
Has gallbladder removed, ER surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass, hands now blue?
I have SpondyloArthritis.I am taking medicine for more than 6 months?
I have been evaluated by a neurologist  but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms, need second opinion?
My sister has attacks with severe headaches and sudden chills then it ends with shivering like fits?
lymph nodes have been swollen for at least 2 years, now tender and hurting?
I’m getting very bad bruising all over, safe to inject clexane in bruise?
Question: My daughter’s blood sugar level is 520 what should I do?
My 17 year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy?
I recently got lasik surgery, now vision is blurry and can’t see fine print?
I have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for 5 months, no solution from doctor?
I have neck, shoulders, back, hip and leg pain, doctor says due to menopause imbalance, need second opinion?
My mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
Is my myocardial block the direct reason for my syncope symptoms, or is it likely there may be something else going on?
Question: High anal fistula…safe to resume anal sex?
I was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?
Question:  Bad sun burn…..just got worse
I was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection, nothing helped,  What should I do next?
I had a back fusion at l4-s1 now have anterlothesis of l4 on l5, do I need surgery?
Question: I just overdosed
Severe lower back pain for the last six months, need second opinion?
Hi I am suffering from shingles, I got this one day ago, very painful?
My daughter has not had a voice for 9 weeks only a whisper?
Suffering from involuntary movements, spasms, doctors don’t know what is wrong?
I had radiation therapy and chemotherapy  for stage 4b2 cervical cancer, Is  it possible my ovaries weren’t completely fried and I’m ovulating again?
Question: Had gallbladder surgery – Feel I still have it – Surgeon says encountered problems…
Question: My mother has brain damage, doctors have two different opinions?
I am 7 days late for my monthly period. I’ve taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative.
My husband is lethargic, sleeps a lot during the day, is losing weight and has no appetite?
I have had spine problems since an accident in 1992?
I have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
I hurt my neck 2 years ago, is APS therapy good?
I’ve seen various doctors since November 2016 in regard to a ‘severe ear infection’?
I have painful swelling in both calfs and behind both knees, doctors are puzzled, need second opinion?
My hip has been “locking up” and giving out occasionally?
Question: What are likely causes of a temporarily reduced urine flow rate?
Question: How to control my high blood pressure?
I have multiple diseases like  type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, arthritis, fybromyalgia?
I may have henoch schonlein purpura, need confirmation and advice?
Question: I am 52 going into menopause…feel disjointed, edgy and drugged
I have had balanitis for 5 years now, what is best treatment?
My father has hairy cell leukemia blood clots formed in belly, how to stop pain and clots?
Can viagra stop a period?
I have pain in left abdominal for 3 days now, please diagnose?
Family history of Aarskog-Scott syndrome, does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?
I have osteoarthritis my hips literally lock and I can not get up?
Is this skin mole dangerous ?
I lost consciousness twice, without any particular reason?
Question: I have a strange fever…tests negative …help
Pain in testicles, lower abdomen, rectum, is it fatty liver?
My mother in law has been ill for a month today. Feeling very tired.Loss of appetite?
I’m only 31, but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?
My mother is diagnosed with (G2) adenocarcinoma stomach, is chemotherapy the best option?
Just had 3 root canals at the dentist, now I have lots of pain?
I have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain, is it early symtoms of Multiple sclerosis (MS)?
I have a lump on breast with mucus colored discharge?
Question: 52 year old woman with parathyroid adenoma
I had intercourse with BF, think he tore something inside me, bleeding, I’m scared?
Could this be oral gonorrhea or any type of STD?
I have hyperpigmentation around my mouth for ten years, is this curable?
I need to know what is wrong with my spine?
I lost nearly three liters of blood due to my placenta breaking I feel I’m going to pass out
My wife has stomach pain , nausea, blurred vision ,muscle pain and feels like she is dying?
I was born with bladder Extrophy, how to reduce kidney pain and get better?
I’ve had excessive burps for 40 days?
Flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles, is it cancer?
Is this contact dermatitis, I need second opinion?
I have bad migraine headaches, can’t sleep, can’t eat?
Question: Missed my period for 3 months now
Question: Popped knee 7 years ago, got worse , how to reduce swelling and pain
I’m struggling for 2 years now with  pain in neck , doctors keep giving me something for infection and spasm but it doesn’t stop?
I chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
I’m concerned about this open sore on my face?
I stopped taking all my medication…feeling excited.
Question: My daughter has blurry vision and some black dots in the corona
I’m really confused what can cause my Cholesterol to get that high!
10 year old has cyst on ovary, any alternative to surgery?
Question: Weird skin phenomena happening…skin changing shape and color
I had a soft tissue contrast neck MRI, it was a terrible experience is this normal?
What are the chances of HIV/STD, as STD can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane?
I had Carpal tunnel syndrome surgery, still feel numbness?
Question: Urine is dark yellow…what is my problem?
My mother underwent Tuberculosis (TB) treatment, now started getting fever is it incomplete cure or relapse of TB?
My child is 17 months old and has just got this rash on her chest?
I have asthma and I take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler,been having difficulty in breathing for 10 weeks and a constant cough for 6 months with clear phlemg
my 6 year old was diagnosed with Cellulitis what do i do?
Having trouble with blood and iron levels.  Had to have 2 transfusions and 3 infusions?
I have mild disk generation Right lumbar region L5/L4 and cysts on my pelvis and ovary? area
I have trouble breathing and I am coughing an awful lot, also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and it’s even worse when I go into a coughing fit?
I began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach, went to ER twice, no solution?
Question: Cigarette burns – won’t go away.
Question: My family has soap taste in mouth… and bloody noses. Please help.
My blood tests came back abnormal, how can I correct this?
I have a spot on my face, can it be dangerous?
I have been having joint pain in my hands, fingers, balls of feet and toes. These areas feel sore, stiff and swollen?
I really want to start having children but don’t want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?
I have been diagnosed with a Chairi Malformation, experiencing a lot of widespread pain is it autoimmune disease?
I have  mysterious contracted muscle on left side of back somewhere on rhomboid muscle?
I have been on my menstrual cycle for over a month, now found out I am pregnant?
Question: Strange thing appeared on my skin
I have had several Hiv tests, I’d like to ask you…I’m totally free from hiv or need re-test?
Have severe lower backpain left and right side, no solution from doctors?
My wife has terrible headaches, constantly, we did CT scan, MRI, MRA, MRV but everything is normal. No blood clot, tumors etc.?
Question: I ate rotten tomato – small white worms now inside me – how to get them out?
Question: My mother has type 2 diabetes, congestive heart failure, doesn’t want to see a doctor?
I have full body burning, vibrating, tingling, numbness all over?
When I gave birth I tore very very badly, urine is now inside my vaginal canal?
I have a mass in my parotid gland, Is it a cyst, tumor, malignant or benign?
I suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?
I feel I pass out from any type of physical exertion, including very light physical exertion?
I developed an allergy to fruits/vegetables, told I have Oral Allergy Syndrome?
I was diagnosed with meningitis in January 2016, I have no relief, need second opinion?
14 year old, heart burns, acid reflex, stress, out of breath, can this be cancer or stress?
I have had 4 back surgeries I’ve been having a lot of pain, especially when I bend forward?
I am only 26, I have lost my libido since I used Accutane?
Question: I look like a 12 year old child but am 19 years old?
I had a disc removed ( L2)  pain in my lower back has never improved?
My mother is 72 when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?
I collapsed and had a back spasm, I have terrible pain in back and spine?
Have vaginal discharge and pain, gynecologist doesn’t believe staph infection, what do I do next?
I had chronic pancreatitis with a 1400 level, should I be hospitalized?
Question: Caregiver..needs pain to stop to keep her job
Question: I have polycystic ovarian disease..can I stop my medication?
Bleeding from anus, blood in urine, pain in lower back
I may have neutropenia or lymphdathy, need answers?
A Dr. has recommended four surgeries be done at the same time, is this too much?
I am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right Rib pain?
I have had scarlet fever 3 times this year….is it normal?
Short term memory issues, aching head, daily crying spells?
I suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?
My muscles freeze up from my toes to my neck, what is this?
I was told that I need a biopsy in my left breast, but I have no palpable masses?
I have injury in  right leg, need surgery or is there another option?
Chronic fatigue, anxiety, depression, and digestive issues?
Question: my 4 year old has lump below ear
Hit my head, MRI indicates white matter hyperintensities?
My mother is 74 years old and taking medicines in large quantities, I don’t know what to do?
I had a surgical abortion, I have concerns about my future fertility?
My 50 year brother did a chest X-ray here are results, what do we do next?
Question: Tumor removed…titanium staples used …now have reaction to gold-silver?
I have swelling of the paratoid gland, face is noticeably swollen on the right side?
I have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months?
I had an arm implant inserted, condom broke, pharmacy reassured us that I wouldn’t be pregnant?
I have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism but lab results normal. Where to go from here?
My 14 year old daughter complained of terrible stomach pain, took her to the doctor…?
I have sinus problems even when I get a cold my nose always remain dry?
I have a tiny mole, is this cancer?
A few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?
I am under doctors care but I feel like I need a second opinion?
I believe I contracted Herpes from tanning machine at gym?
Question: My doctor just scared the life out of me!
I am 5 day post op from a knee replacement and I have a few patches of red?
I have had stomach problems for 27 years, abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?
My hands tremble, feel nerve pain and stomach pain after masturbating?
Question: 2 year old girl cannot walk, doctors baffled?
I feel randomly extremely hot and then randomly extremely cold, getting worse?
Question: Suffering really bad conjunctivitis
I have ME Myalgic Encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight?
Question: New mother…I want to stick around to see my child grow?
Bone Tuberculosis (TB) Diagnosis  cannot be confirmed, do we opt for surgery or TB medication?
I have this rash ulceration, is it melanoma?
High blood pressure, intense colds, minor chest pains and feeling light headed, went to ER all ok, what can this be?
I suffer from neck pain due to bad posture, Is there anything that can help me?
I had MRI, showed advanced intracranial atrophy,is it too soon to have another MRI?
i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) medications don’t help. Can ngu lead to hiv or aids?
I have discharge from my eyes spreading throughout my body?
Question: Adult acne problems
I had an ectopic pregnancy and my right Fallopian tube was removed, since then I have ovary pain?
I am struggling with stretch marks, my skin is horribly damaged?
I have pain throughout my body, I don’t know what it is?
I have spermatocele cysts, don’t want to tell anyone – even my doctor?
Sharp pains in back of head. Loud ringing in my ear. Head feels like it is being crushed?.
DR said I was dehydrated no signs of infection.
Question: Head hit hook in barn, acting strange
Question: 15 year old suffering from premature hair graying
I have very severe abdominal pain right side from top (under rib cage) to bottom?
Question: 23 year old with hypothyroidism…involuntary jerking in leg, arms and head?
Should I be concerned about Acinetobacter anitratus?
I was diagnosed with Chondromalacia Patella the pain in both of knees is getting worse?
Question: I cannot remember old things as well as things I’ve done three days ago.
Several months ago, my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?
I have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic I’m now very worried that I’m going to have a heart attack?
My dad has an abnormal ECG?
Doctor thinks my appendix needs surgery, should I go through the surgery?
I was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by MRI?
Hi my dad has a fever, lower left quadrant pain, he is tired and no appetite?
Question: Soreness in both my thighs and knees
I have varicoceles, a low sperm count reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem?
Question: Experiencing problems with my bladder
Question: Something crawling on my skin but nothing there….I don’t have a doctor
Question: I’m embarrassed, but I have pubic lice..
My breasts have significantly enlarged to point it is difficult to move?
My 7 year old son has, blood, protein and ketone in urine, what to do next?
I had 8 negative pregnancy tests and then 1 positive?
Question: My mom has shingles…can she transmit it to me?
My mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair, still has catheter, my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?
I injured my leg in car accident, pain when I get up from sitting and after standing?
Woke up with my upper left arm in pain?
Question: My son believes his thoughts are broadcasted and read by everyone?
I have central posterior disc herniation with annular tear?
I was recently in the ER for a bad infection, concerned about atrophic liver?
I AM Diagnosed with Inflammatory bowel disease unclassified (IBDU) don’t want to stop treatment for another colonoscopy?now have to go for another scope
I have had a back problem for about 12 months now. I injured it by falling off a horse?
Do I require surgery ?
Small Insect bite, itching resistant to epinephrine injection, pills and creams, getting worse?
I was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis, can I fix this or help with the pain?
Question: I lost too much weight. How do I stop?
I had 2 previous discectomy operations, I am currently in severe pain in my lower back?
I have been extremely fatigued with headaches and severe nausea coming in waves?
Blood tests done for rheumatoid arthritis, positive or normal?
I have had symptoms of hepatitis since September I have lived the past 6 months a distraught mess crying everyday?
I have extreme inner ear pain, no solution from my doctors, need help?
I have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
Question: No period for 6 months – brown discharge – Cause for concern or not?
Ive been waking up with horrible headaches and a cold icy almost like a brain freeze?
I have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh what kind of skin condition is this?
My daughter has viral bronchitis for 6 days now calpol does not take away the pain?
I am having pain in a very specific part of my head for 1 year, seeing blue flash?
I have lymp nod on my left sides, swelling near my left ear and a small lump, random chest pains
I have stomach issues since july with no relief, I now have fever and diarrhea?
Experiencing right sided facial palsy for the 3rd time in 8 months?
I have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
I experienced a sudden tingling on my lips and in my gums, is it Guillain Barre syndrome?
I was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related, need second opinion?
I had a CT scan, I have gallstones, my gastroenterologist is acting like I’m terminal?
I have hypothyroidism how should I approach pregnancy?
I am having frequent PVCs and yet my doctor says not to worry?
My Dad is having difficulty breathing as a result of heart failure and 250mcg of digoxin as prescribed?
I am anemic and have abnormal dsdna antibodies, do I have Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)?
Diagnosed with Pleurisy and Bronchitis, should I up the pain medicine, go to er or ride it out??
I have pain in chest, my doctor thinks it is inflammation but I am not sure?
I broke my Tibia bone doctors are saying different things?
I have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?
Do I have Cushing’s Syndrome?
I am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
Is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck, if I plan to have children?
My mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?
Would my laminectomy of l5/s1 disk affect the disk above l4/l5 causing it to herniate?
I have history of Multiple Myeloma when I get up from sitting I take one step get off balance?
I had bad reaction to kidney stent and removal, constant drip of blood from penis?
82 year old male fully conscious but can’t stand up, doctors have no diagnosis except autoimmune neuropathy?
I had a perfect vision until I suddenly developed a double vision when I was on a Europe trip, doctors cannot diagnose what’s wrong with me?
I found a weird looking mole on my breast Could it be skin cancer?
I have made Hiv 1/2 + p24 antigen test, am I free from HIV?
I started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen?
Hi i have sjogrens syndrome and woke up today with a rash on both feet?
Question: I am in withdrawal –  I did all cardiac tests-all normal- bp high?
I have staphylococcus epidermidis bladder infection?
Having trouble swallowing, diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?
Question:  Pain inflammation swelling…Looks pretty bad too
Question: Ultra sound shows hodgkin’s lymphoma…is it true?
I acquired Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) while in hospital?
I have an allergy for dust mites, now pain in back of head when I cough?
I get frequent anterior shoulder dislocations will the situation get worse?
Contraction of the jaw, tightening of the skin, cannot walk and confined to bed?
I’ve got bulimia and I’m on lamictal for bipolar disorder, I now have mushroom looking lumps on my tongue?
I had a stage 4 endometriosis doctors say my uterus is damaged?
I am on medication for heart disease now have blotches under my skin
I have insomnia, have had it for quite a few years. Was told I had RBC (red blood cell count)deficiency as well?
I came up positive for amphetamine, was I wrongfully discharged?
I have been diagnosed with three kidney stone?
Facial pain, tingling numbness, along with ear pain and fatgue, brain MRI found several lesions?
I had a vestibular injury do not know what to do anymore?
An x-ray of my hand showed tendinitis and atherosclerotic calcification, what should I do?
Question: Do my test results show I have cancer?
Currently I have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear?
I have some hip pain 9 weeks. Had MRA image recently, would welcome second opinion?
Question: Swallowed large bottle of Tylenol,  need a liver transplant?
I have a problem with my lungs, diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia?
My mother’s left lung had collapsed but doctors don’t know why?
Doctor has advised me to do Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplant, need second opinion?
I developed blisters, that have grown and it’s getting worse day by day?
My knees hurt after exercising I can hear there are small sounds coming from my knee, and they feel wobbly?
Question:  Is it possible to have fake periods during amenorrhea?
I have been experiencing constant chills, reflux laryngitis is it STDs or flu shot side effects?
I lost a loved one who was shot in the head twice, brain dead but organs working?
Question: Severe abdominal pain associated with bowel movements
I had a small lump in the back of my neck, now a second one?
I am Ballet Dancer have slightly fractured ankle should I have surgery?
I had a really bad accident and my horse flipped on top of me?
I’ve had a metal rod in my arm for 10 years, now I want it removed?
I had my gallbladder removed in April of 2015, I am still having severe pain?
I presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?
My mother feels anxious, claustrophobic, lost appetite and lethargic?
Question: I am on path to kidney failure is there some better treatment
Had bad bronchitis lately woke up with a huge bruise on side?
I have strep throat (Streptococcal pharyngitis) prescribed Clindamycin, now feel awful?
Have terrible heart palpitations Also I sweat constantly
I had three episodes of hematuria, had a number of tests everything came normal but still have problems?
My mom has, kidney failure diabetes sarcoidosis heart failure  she now has these big knots why?
After giving birth I continue to vomit 5 – 19 minutes after eating?
I had root canal in 2015, still painful – how can I  trust doctors after that?
I suffer from digestive issues, doctor has no answers?
Question: Shortness of breath? Admitted for Acute myocardial infarction?
I was prescribed the wrong dose of antibiotics?
I was diagnosed with a 0.5 cm large brain lesion on my left temporal, I have headache?
Question: Identifying source of new cold virus
My 69 year old mother who has been blind for over a year in her left eye, her iris is now completely black?
I’ve had trouble climbing my 16 step stairs at home doctor checkups ok?
My son is unable to express himself saw Orthophonist and Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT, Otolaryngology) doctor to no avail?
I needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood?
I have a mole on my legs is it a cancerous mole?
I went for an X-Ray and found out I have a faecal overload?
Blurred vision, Dizziness, Nausea, Hot Blushes and Pounding Heart.?
Can a fused finger be reversed or adjusted to regain motion?
Recent mammogram abnormal finding, is biopsy needed?
Is it safe to take Mirtazapine 30ml, Aripiprazole 5ml and Sertraline 50ml per day?
My hand went numb today?
I have a fracture on my left hand finger while I was playing football?
Both sides of my face, eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement), what should I do?
Question: Overweight 5 year old girl?
I suffer from fatigue and body pain for 2 years… is it STDs or cancer?
I ended up in Accident & Emergency with tonsillitis, should I have surgery?
I had a problem during a workout(bench press) where I pushed too hard and tore a rotator cuff ?
I think I may have lymphoma or lupus, what to do next?
Ive been experiencing constant burn sensation on my mouth. It affects my tongue,lips?
Marathon runner  woke up with extreme nausea (vomitted) extreme stomach pain?
Question: I have problems sleeping?
Question: Experiencing black outs – amnesia – creating problems in my life.
I have rash spreading through my body?
Question: My 16 yo daughter diagnosed with mono…mistake?
High thyroid level, is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
My son is 8 months old and coughs all the time and has a hard tummy?
I had an x-ray and doctor determined that I have an ileus, the pain and discomfort is persisting?
I was diagnosed with a prolapse uterus, my cervix has risen back?
Question: 16 year old girl – joints always ache, shoot pain and click it’s ruining my life
Today I woke up and my left ear is numb?
My belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint?
Crooked stiff neck and slight neck pain?
I have a problem with the disc dislocation CD4-CD5 of the cervical spine:  operation or medication?
Over a year ago I started experiencing fatigue, heart flutters, weight loss?
I woke up on Sunday morning with an awful metallic taste in my mouth?
My shoulder pops out and in by itself?
I fractured my spine now have vision problems?
Sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen with Swollen,hard stomach?
I tested positive for Tuberculosis, i have a dull ache in right testicle pain in lower abdominal?
23 year old woman suffers from numbness and pins/needles down one side of her body?
I have a rash, thought it might be some type of fungus, doc says ringworm?
Question: All signs of pregnancy …. but not pregnant ?
I am pregnant however I have taken the morning after pill twice any adverse effects on the fetus?
Question: I am experiencing chest discomfort
I have a thumping headache for 3 days with painful aching joints?
For the last month I have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?
I have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux, are PPIs safe for me?
I am a 21 year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
My fallopian tubes are blocked do you recommend I freeze my eggs?
I am a dancer, my ankle gets weak?
Question: My calf is twice the size of my other calf with severe pain
I suffer from swelling in the center of my lumbar spine above my buttocks, back ache, and spine pressure?
My boyfriend has bump on head, headaches , fever and urination problems with pus?
I have adult polycyclic kidney disease, ache in lower abdomen, is it normal?
Low resting heart rate can it be a secondary adrenal insufficiency, if not what is cause?
Diagnosed with central sleep apnea can treatment cause cause pulmonary hypertension?
I sometimes stare and my eyes freeze – Do you think I’m having seizures?
I’ve been diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder,  Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, Insomnia, Staying Asleep, Headaches, Very Stiff/Rigid Muscles
I have been gradually feeling numbness first in my right hand then numbness and severe pain?
I suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for 3 years now and the doctors don’t know what is wrong and it’s getting worse?
I start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing?
Lump on neck spine, family died from cancer, can this be cancer?
I have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
Tumor on lung PET scan show suspicious, but no cancer diagnsis, what cam it be?
Question:  I have type 2 diabetes should I take SARM MK677
I suffer from rheumatic heart valve problem will I need any surgery ?
I’m 27, I have PCOS, I have diabetes type 2 , losing lots of blood?
My cell phone caught fire and I was exposed to chemical fumes?
Question: Had intercourse with both genders, will I transmit herpes to my kids?
I am a 31 yr old woman, feeling constantly tired all the time it’s putting my family on the line?
Question: I use mirena birth control, have cramps, can’t move…I’m in tears.
Painful nodule on bottom of foot , two more now, any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?
I had convulsions, nausea, vomiting (to the point of bile), migraines, fever, hot and cold flushes?
I have itchy water blisters that turn into blood blisters?
I have seizure like events?
Urgency in urination now with blood
Question: False positive pregnancy test?
I cant move my leg to walk – all my body aches?
I have joint pain and muscle spasms since 2011, now developed numbness in legs?
I’ve had watery, glassy eyes for almost a year now…what is the cause?
Is there a problem with my blood tests, I have 98.3 Fever?
Are these spots next to my labia normal?
30 weeks pregnant, wisdom teeth removed, need pain relief?
I am pregnant, have Chlamydia and a stent in my kidney?
I have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis?
I breastfeed my baby, worried that my  exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
Is it likely/possible for me to have pulmonary hypertension given the triggers, symptoms and diagnosis?
Question: I am a competitive gymnast with Osgood Sclatters Disease – it’s spreading
My granddaughter has been diagnosed with Coxsackie disease?
Diagnosed with UTI, HIV positive, HIV negative, 6 years of anxiety what’s wrong with me?
My Daughter is suffering brain cancer, now in deep sleep. unable to talk, what do we do now?
Menstrual cycle causes cramping, breast soreness, enlargement, but not pregnant?
Pain moves around abdomen and chest as well as back with Episodes of dizziness?
Damaged my knee, what are available treatment options & recovery time required?
My 12th week scan showed everything is o.k , but radiologist suggested there is caudal regression syndrome?
Question: Suffering with congenital myopathy -no cure -should I use Corticosteroids
7 year old girl, respiratory infection, rash,taste buds enlarged, Reactive Airway and Cough Variant Asthma?
Dentist gave me epinephrine anesthetic I started shaking, twitching, and moving around uncontrollably?
I have been experiencing very shallow breathing, shivers, legs feel numb?
Question: Shooting pain from my heart area to my neck behind the ear across my shoulder
I went to the ER on Tuesday because I was coughing up blood?
Is TENS (E-stim) safe to use for prostate?
Question: Something is stuck in my throat – can’t get it out
Had a stroke on the brain in 2012 its 2016 i cant get no more than 5 hours of sleep a day?
I ‘ve have difficulty breathing, blocked nose,runny nose, teary eyes for long time, now chest pains ?
We are trying to conceive, should I think of IUI (Intrauterine insemination) as an option
My mother is 91 requires anti-coagulants, need second medical opinion?
I have blood pressure issues, family has a history of stroke and heart disease?
I am scheduled this week to have a caudal injection. Doctor’s office or surgery center?
I have been having a headache for two weeks now, Not even pain killers or sinus pills are working?
I wake myself up at night, I feel myself pausing on my breath then breathing again
I have terrible bone pain and muscle spasms, is it due to Celiac disease or other condition?
I am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy, Can this surgery be done without taking Lapron?
Wearing anything synthetic causes extreme nausea, faintness and beating heart?
Question: Chest pain after eating?
If an appendix ruptures, how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to  peritonitis?
My knee locked really bad where I couldn’t unlock it without horrible pain or force?
I am suffering with low back pain  since last three years, following doctor advice, but no development?
My fourth toe has been amputated, is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?
I have been prescribed euthyrox and dostinex for infertility, need second opinion?
I am out  narcotic pain medication , what next?
Question: Pain in middle of chest?
After operation, swollen feet and legs?
Experiencing fever, cold sweats, chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section
recently had a tooth pulled I am extremely fatigued I don’t feel very well I have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated
Question: Baby wakes up 5 times per night …not normal
I had an accident four weeks back and injured my foot
I have the flu over and over again. Its been 3 years?
Had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in July bladder went into spasms?
For 2-3 years I have had blood in my stools?
Had surgery for acoustic neuroma, having secondary effects?
Question: I’m 19 years old ….do I have autism?
I have really bad pain in both of my ovary sides, bladder infection or  ectopic pregnancy?
I have struggled with a Urinary Tract Infection (UTI), been on antibiotics 3 times?
Question: 3 yr old son has small specks of blood on face after napping
I had a lot abdominal pain and the blood test results for my liver were at 72?
I  had laryngitis cough sore throat and fever and I’m having lots of vertigo episodes?
I’m a 15 year old Rwandan girl, with Asthma and Thyroid, condition getting worse?
I just can’t gain weight,have chest pains, get sharp nerve pain in arms and legs?
Question: My mom has COPD and keeps falling asleep
I have been bruising a lot for no reason and losing vision?
I have been eating approx 1/2 of what I used to eat, however my stomach is even bigger?
I’ve fainted 3 times in almost a 3 year span, does not drinking enough water cause that?
I have fatigue from being on several medications?
Question: I have Anterior Cruciate Ligament tear…do I need surgery?
I am 2 years post micro discectomy which cured sciatic and lumber pain,  my is life slowing up?
I have numbness on left side of body, cold hands, feet, heart palpitations?
My wife has had an Ilia conduit operation 6 years ago & has a Stoma bag, crystals forming with burning sensation?
I have hand shaking problems since I was 14?
Question: I had 3 energy drinks .. .205 heart …pain under my breast and awful pain in chest
I have Short Urinary tract  (yuretra) and also burning in urinary tract.. what medicine is good?
unwell for about 10 days  sore throat, cough, pain under right rib, spots on hands and feet?
I have heartburn, headache and vomit
Question: Brownish discoloration on my left leg?
Is there a treatment for hyperglycemia?
Question: My hair is falling….please help!!!!
I am experiencing a skin rash, especially below my eyebrows and near my eye?
I have undifferentiated connective tissue disease.  Brain MRI shows white spots?
I have a knee replacement, my left leg is  swollen  just above the knee to the foot?
Question: I was stung by a red wasp – it is not improving?
Question: My son is vomiting and nobody can find out why
I have a basal cell carcinoma, what specialist should I consult?
I am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking Ferro Grad C
My children have got MEASLES?
I have a decreased urine output, but all tests are normal?
I am 15yrs old and having period trouble, cramps, separate hymen, Please help!
I have yellow bumps in my throat?
Question: Four year old daughter  gets covered in bites…doesn’t matter where she is?
I have severe constipation. I went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?
After being attacked and suffering with a subconjunctival hemorrhage i dont know what to do?
I’ve neck muscles strain that caused a Temporomandibular Joint Disorders (TMJ, TMD)?
Question: I have an anxiety problem?
I managed to get Epididymitis after a fall whilst showering?
My 18 yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in June, now 7 months later she gets choked when eating?
I got a MRI of the brain and cervical spine, there is a 1.8 cm left maxillary sinus cyst, is it a concern?
I have Gilbert’s syndrome, the yellow tinge of my eyes due to this can be very distressing?
Diagnosed with a heart fibro-elastoma , 50-50 chances it is cancer, how to take this thing forward?
I had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats?
Question: Pregnant with spider bites
My 80 year old father A swollen knee, bad ear pain, slurred speech, stumbling when walking, memory loss, talking to himself, temporally not knowing who a person is, hearing things?
Question: Can a mother with autism raise a child
Dark spots appear on my kid’s skin No fever or any changes on his health?
I came down with acute viral myocarditis, doctors say its due to anxiety. Need 2nd opinion?
Neurologist says minor narrowing in arteries, or is it a stroke, need second opinion?
My 19 month old son has a rash on belly migrating down towards legs?
Question: I tried mdma (ecstasy) 2 days ago and I had a very bad stroke
I have insulin resistance, doc prescribed Januvia 10mg, will this work?
Question: Bleeding after frenuloplasty operation
I’m a pilot suffering from a weird left ear pressure?
I hit my head, I have concussion, non stop headache, vomiting, constantly feel dizzy and this morning passed out?
Diabetic man had leg injury, antibiotics not working?
sharp pains in my chest, arms and legs fall asleep, problems with my digestive track?
I have muscle stiffness on my neck,my facial muscles and (Temporomandibular Joint Disorders) tmj?
Question: Mole on neck is burning….is it serious?
I recently stayed at a hotel and was attacked by bed bugs, I have bites all over?
I broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident, fibula seems displaced?
I had a HIDA scan last week my doctor wants to remove gallbladder, need second opinion?
Two years ago I was diagnosed with Colon cancer?
I have been diagnosed with Polymyalgia Rheumatica, symptoms and pain persist even on meds
I suffer fromswollen lymph nodes, joint pain, ringing in my ears is it  Rheumatic Heart Disease?
Question: 15th day of menstrual cycle – PARTIALLY RUPTURED IRREGULAR FOLLICLE – can I get pregnant
Idid a transvaginal examination with unusual results? I’ m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future.
Question: Is it toxic shock syndrome
I am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)
I was diagnosed with chlamydia and now with Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID)?
I haven’t had a period in over 2.5 yrs, do I need to stay on the Pill?
I bleed for 2 to 12 hours after intercourse…what is going on?
I had epilepsy, seizures, UTI and erectile dysfunction, lost my hopes with other doctors and herbalist?
Do I have multiple sclerosis, I’ve been having a lot of pain in my legs and a lot of muscle spasms?
My lymph nodes under my arm are swollen. Pain level 8. Went to ER no solution, need advice?
I have pernicious anaemia and require regular B12 injections, not sure my doctor is doing it right?
Female age 5 diagnosed with normocytic anemia, what can cause this?
I have fibromyalgia and I have flare ups all the time?
I think my father might need a pacemaker?
I feel like a crash dummy….vomiting blood…had problem for 15 years?
I’ve had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful, what can I do?
Diagnosed with celiacs, blood in my stools, lump right of my anus, feeling sick, tired, dizzy?
I’ve recently had an hysterectomy do test results show I have cancer?
I have been sick with colds, strep throat,bronchitis most of the semester?
Question: Swollen testicles..no prostate -no STDs . What is it?
My urine has a bad smell and is cloudy, what can be wrong?
Question: I have yeast infection….came back with a vengeance.
My son has ADHD, Allergies and Colon issues. He is often sick but doctors don’t seem to be concerned?
Stage 4 anal cancer left radiation neuritis of sciatic nerve, now in pain?
I found bumps on my labia is it HPV or vestibular papillomatosis?
I’m 33 weeks pregnant and I’m in a lot of pain?
My wife is not pregnant, but she is producing milk from her left breast?
I had a semen analysis, not convinced lab analyzed it correctly?
I have an enlarged heart, had stabbing pain in left chest, what do you think?
4 year old girl with delayed milestones (speech) and convulsions, what can we do?
My foot is swollen Only at the front of the foot, not at the ankle. It is now very painful, difficulty walking?
I have recently had breast surgery, removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?
My 65 year old father needs gallbladder surgery, we need a second opinion?
I just had my 5th spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related, please advise?
I had surgery very high fever – rushed back to hospital feel like I’m being poisoned ?
I’ve had pain in my throat, but it’s been spreading?
I suffer waist pain after lifting weight, pain spread to my back?
I have been having pain behind and above my right eye for 3 to 4 days now?
Question: HIV and AIDS?
I started with fever, throat pain getting worse, worried my doctor not giving me right treatment
I started to have bleeding in between my periods, I have also developed a white tongue and dry mouth, something is wrong with me?
Question: 21 weeks pregnant I’ve got reddish ring circles…
I’ve had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended?
Eye doc say I have Glacoma, then progressive myopia, but it keeps getting worse?
Pain shoots up my back with constipation, is it Endometriosis?
Question: My mother suffers from restless leg syndrome
The doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature?
Question: Numb sensation right abdomen
I am addicted to Red Bull drink…50 cans a week?
My right leg gets numb (asleep)after 5 minutes of standing, need second opinion?
Question: Problems sleeping….but worried that I might get dependent on sleeping pills
My mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone?
I cut my finger and may have been exposed to HIV, should I be tested?
I have intramural fibroid , 13cm 9 cm, renal function OK. What could be the cause?
If there is no blood flow to the head, what can be done for an 87 years old patient?
MRI showed a 9 mm lesion in my head inadvertently?
Throat hurts, growth on feet appear, fever too?
I had a spontaneous pneumothorax and I ended up getting a chest tube on the left lung?
I have been to several doctors about my skin rash and nothing has worked to resolve it?
My son is 6 years old. His skin is peeling. Is it dangerous?
I have black pimples on penis corona, what are they?
I have fracture in 5th metatarsal bone in my right foot. Do I need to go for surgery?
I don’t get proper motion (bowel movement) and I am hungry, don’t know what’s wrong?
I had a bad fall, pain is still the same?
Question: Headaches, really tired all the time, feeling nauseated, cramping throughout the day?
In a lot of pain. I get to the point we’re standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?
I have a burning cramp sensation in my stomach area usually on the left around the waist area?
Question: Pain lower right abdomen, feels like being torn, pain when breathing what can it be?
Question: 4 year old takes Xantax…what should I do?
Diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around 10cm, clinic wants to do full hysterectomy, need second opinion?
Question: Nodule found in right/remaining lung
Searing, gnawing, burning pain in low back and sacrum region/
I’m hardly eating anything and when I do I feel nauseous?
Question: I have pain when I urinate and blood in urine?
A worm is crawling under my skin into my earlobe?
I have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for one year, can’t use lap or mobile ?
Husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down
Can I get HIV by using infected towel?
I fractured my elbow, should I be using an elbow brace
Question: I’ve been abusing a drug called coricidin cough and cold for about 2 years now
Question:  pimple like bump under my right breast…is it MRSA
I have been sick with over 102 degree fever for four days straight now?
Me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?
I’ve been suffering from pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years?
I wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?
I have a sore stomach, taking Nexium,  is there anything else I can do to ease the pain?
I have a repetitive menstrual cycle, fever, headaches and feel dizzy?
My Doctor says colonoscopy shows Crohns disease, need second opinion?
I am scheduled to go on mission trip to build a house, but I am pregnant, should I go?
I suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in July 04, I started suffering from violent  muscle spasms in my left Quads muscles?
Received punch in the face,  caused nerve damage, is recovery possible?
Question:  Ear pain in my right ear
I have Anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype,having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?
I was diagnosed with Restless Leg Syndrome I feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time?
Question: I have red rashes all over my body and spreading!
I was admitted to ICU in a hospital Diagnosis: VBI, BPPV, need second opinion?
Had pulmonary heart failure, taking statins, I now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?
I have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit,  I’m wondering if this could be hormonal?
I suffer with panic and anxiety disorder, chest pains for 4 years?
I have numbness in my hands and feet, frequent urination, forgetfulness and anxiety. What is wrong with me?
My mother has copd and chest infection, is she dying?
Question: I’m a Nurse I may have pricked myself with a HIV needle
I have cramping and diarrhea for 2 weeks now?
Question: My acid reflux is so bad I need to throw up to feel better
My finger was infected with chicken excrement, fingernail is falling off, afraid finger will too?
Question: Suffering from sesamoid pain..  podiatrist says no multiple cortisone shots
My son  has been experiencing leg pain we are not getting any answers and he’s suffering?
I have experienced severe pain in both my knees, feels like a sledge hammer coming down on my knees?
My mom is suffering a head pain in the back of her head?
I was diagnosed with pneumonia and sepsis, cough is not getting any better?
I have migraine with aura/epilepsy and osteoma ostitis, now have vision problems and numbness?
I had JUVÉDERM put in my lips can it be taken out?
EKG says there was “moderate right axis deviation.”  “normal sinus rhythm with marked sinus arrythmia.” ?
I had a dull pain in my lower right stomach, need a second opinion?
I have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease, but me and my family doubts this diagnosis?
Question: My mother diagnosed with Invasive ductal carcinoma, now I have mark on breast?
What could cause severe groin pain?
I have a sudden onset of swelling in both legs and ankles?
I just suffered intense and unbearable period cramps, a massive lump fell out?
I had a spider crawl in my ear, got out but I was left with an ear infection?
Was diagnosed by the doctors as “Periproctic abscess over 9 o’clock in SSL”?
I am diagnosed with (heterozygous) Factor V Liden, are my babies at risk?
Our fertility doctor suggests an Ultrasound, Abdominal Vessels procedure, need second doctor opinion?
Question: My husband is worried about dropping dead!
Diagnosed with abnormal liver function and gallbladder disease, what should I do next?
I am a hairdresser and the last 2 months I am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
I have pain and limited movement along right body side?
Why my glucose level drop so much after consuming glucose, doctor is puzzled and cannot give any answer?
I was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at 38 weeks and 3 days?
After 2 miscarriages, trying again, I have some issues and abnormalities?
How do I get rid of ulcers on my legs?
Had chest CT scan , primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection, can it be cancer?
Question: 4 week late for Depo-Provera…many new symptoms…am I pregnant?
I suspect I have an STIs (Sexually transmitted infection), I have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva, near my vagina
Diagnosed with common variable immune deficiency (CVID), recurrent pneumonia and jaundice, what are consequences?
Is it possible to have a fractured ankle with no bruising/swelling?
I have major sore throat, headache, coughing mucus, wheezing while breathing, sinuses, nausea, vomiting and runny nose and watering mouth?
Feel very depressed, fingernails and toenails very brittle. Hair loss. Hair is kinky, straw like. Pale skin. Insomnia. Suffer from copper deficiency.
Question: I need to urinate every 15 minutes…now using my mother’s diaper
I have severe neurological symptoms like permanent exhaustion, worsening memory, lack of concentration, anxiety and depression?
I have bladder problems, difficulty urinating
I have aneurysm of the left basilic vein doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy. Need second doctor opinion?
I was diagnosed as Type-II diabetes, can you help?
I’m have hypothyroidism and losing my hair?
I have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?
Having recurrent Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs),  this has been going on for the last 3 years?
I had Temporomandibular Joint Disorders I have terrible ear ache and sore throat?
Doctor prescribed 25mg b-blocker twice a day for a month to control palpitations & BP?
Had fine needle aspiration- Result : I have bone marrow and plasmacytoid cells in neck?
I wish to get pregnant but I am in contact with a person with Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection?
I have bloody stools for 2 years is this irritable bowel syndrome?
Numbness, burning sensation, cramps in both legs, no significant issues identified?
I’m a young athlete and my period is such a hassle, considering a hysterectomy just to get rid of it?
My wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery in Mexico, is it safe?
I got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of Edema to where I could not even walk?
Question: My neck is twisted
I was having dark and thickened spots in my finger skin for few months. Now it’s started to crackle?
I am a 20 year old man and get red eyes every day?
Question: I have ringworm…used meds but it got worse
I underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia, I now have episodes of heart vibrating?
Question: I’m a 28 year old with chronic pain, cognitive changes such as severe memory issues, painful sensitive skin,-everyone is stumped?-very scared.
Question: I have cervical stenosis and ruptured discs need epidural – doctor says too young for surgery
Pain in knee, hip, right leg. Need key-hole surgery?
3 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesn’t show piloric stenosis?
Both arms begin to tingle starting in my shoulder and moves down to my hands like my arms have fallen asleep?
I came down with severe throbbing on my right temple and felt like I was going to faint, i got severely sick, diarrhea and vomiting with heavy shivering and fever
My brother has a blockage in his Esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?
Diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago, having numerous issues?
I’ve had unbearable earache for 8 weeks now! need second opinion?
Question: Ringing in both ears…but specialist sees nothing wrong
Question: I’m on Weightwatchers- eat not a lot really – I’m sick of all this substituting what can I try?
left shoulder blade has had a stabbing pain, arm is numbing and left hand no feeling
I had one of my ovaries removed, could I be infertile?
My daughter has hypotonea what can I do to help her core muscles?
My 6 y/o has been complaining for the last 6 months Tummy ache/pain of the abdomen (around the navel area)/slightly swollen abdomen/discomfort when eating (will only eat a few bites)?
Stabbing feeling in upper buttock, is it Sciatica?
53 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over 3. months?
I have Tinnitus, severe post-nasal drip, yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?
Question: I have breathing problems…is it related to my stuttering?
Question: I’m 15 I have my body twitches started feeling waves in my head
I had a gallbladder removed  I have a small tear leaking?
11 yo son received dye /liquid into cannula during CT scan, now has tremors?
I am taking thyronorm for a week, again skin allergy started, is it the right meds?
Getting joint pains after the pregnancy?
I have been experiencing skipped beats at night time when falling asleep?
I have been getting stomach pain that feels like a bad gnawing  pain?
I am suffering from cornic BHP prostate gland size USG.77 grm i am on foley tube?
I have a throat bacterial infection, feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear?
I have slightly blurred vision,  numbness in hands and legs?
I have an overactive bladder, need advice?
I haven’t been able to lift my arm above my shoulder, had steroid injection and physio, ibuprofen and anti inflammatories no effect?
I have metastatic stage 4 gastrointestinal cancer, want to try hemp oil or cannabis oil?
My grandpa is on a whole bunch of drugs already. One being Mirtazapine for his constant worry?
Question: I am on a diet – lost 30 lbs – bladder now overactive – pressure and urgent to use bathroom
I had RTA and broke my right homers, after Nell’s fracture still moving?
I have been coughing everyday non-stop, throwing up and my nose would bleed ?
I have urination issues.  I just finish going and when I stand up I have an urgent need to go again?
I always feel tired when wake up in the morning, my eyes feel like a lead?
I have Retro Peritoneal Fibrosis with an Aortic Aneurysm?
Diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection, I  now have constipation problems, bile reflux, villious athropy and stomach ulcers
Yesterday morning I woke in excruciating pain in my left thigh, now cannot move my leg at all?
Diabetes patient wants to avoid dialysis as far as possible underwent AVF surgery, why is creatinine levels high?
I have symptoms like fever, abdominal pain, headache, joint pain,nausia,very weakness,disorders of bowel,bleeding a lot?
My daughter has these bumps on her arm and I can’t seem to figure out what it is?
A week ago I had a medical abortion, two days ago I started having numb legs and arms?
I had surgery in 2014 for ruptured ectopic preg. I currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?
Question: I have fever and body ache and eye pain shivers
Question: Nurse suffered lancet cut after lancet used on HIV patient.
I’m 18 year old female, abused as a child, terrified of men,  how do I make it all stop?
I have seizures, taking ant-seizure medication, now have abnormal headaches?
I have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. I will feel full for no reason?
I’ve had this off balance/unsteady feeling in my head, doctors are clueless?
My 6 weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and I only breastfed?
Question: Awful sore, doctor doesn’t know what it was?
My son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year.  His L 4-5 disk just went out yesterday?
I have Computer vision syndrome, pain in shoulder, head, nerves?
Took 65 5mg of nitrazam about 25 hours ago, afraid of going to hospital?
I have episodes where at first I feel really confused and then fall into a daze?
After a bowel movement abdominal pain puts me on my knees, severe nausea to the point I do vomit?
Question: I have a fissured tongue… went to my local doctor…he dismissed me?
I had an allergic reaction while taking a shower, I am not allergic to anything or any medication?
My nose is bleeding and eyes are bloodshot red and I can’t taste my food?
My son has a fever of 101.8-100.8, what should I do?
We are traveling, my son has diarrhea and losing weight, on anti-malaria pills?
I’ve been having constant headache for about 10 days now?
I’ve been ill for the past seven weeks, need a second doctor opinion?
My 4 week old son fell today from the bed, ER says no CT scan possible, I need your recommendation?
Do I have  costochondritis?
When I stand up my body contorts for a few seconds?
I have edema, would a moderate to high level of fitness – decrease or eliminate the leg swelling?
I had an arthroscopy, breathing issues, diagnosed deep vein thrombosis right leg, now in left?
My daughter is 7 years old and has an extremely distended stomach
I have urination problems, could it be my kidneys?
Stomach pain, hard, chest pain The only time I don’t feel the painis when I sleep?
My baby has ESR result of 50 ( lab limit is 29-30) and  hemoglobin level of 10.5, is it a problem?
I had heart issue – paroxysmal atrial tachycardia , which was solved with cardiac catheter ablation, now not feeling well?
I keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns I get dizzy and I pass out?
Chronic mucus head cold symptoms since 1/2016 ?
I am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?
My daughter is bloated, nauseous, has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasn’t had a period for 4 months
My grandma slipped on the floor yesterday her bone in her arm and hip dislocated?
Question: I am withdrawing from heroin should I go to the ER
multiple nodules, now larger and hypoectoic?
I have a chronic headache following an eye laceration, which caused a detached retina?
Question: Why would sperm turn brown
Question:  I have a weird problem… whole face becomes swollen and red
My baby is growing too slow, is it alarming?
I have darker face skin but my body is a lot lighter  how can i get my original color back?
Do I have melanoma.. how likely is it that this is melanoma?
I have cough, pneumonia, taking antibiotics, cough doesn’t go away?
I noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back ?
While admitted in hospital My amylase and lipase percentage has been 5 time the normal range?
My little boy has stomach pain, done countless tests, spent a fortune, I’m at a loss, need advice?
I am bleeding constantly after Depo-Provera Birth Control Shot?
I have been experiencing various types of allergies from childhood?
I’m 61 years old, heart rate 128 should I go to the er or doctor?
I had a sleeve gastronomy, sharp shock, anytime?
I am deteriorating quickly – do I have Multiple Sclerosis (MS)?
Question: Doctor I am 19 weeks pregnant…I am really  depressed
I had an ultrasound they found a 5mm solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in 6 months?
Is my Anti Hiv Test Conclusive or need retest?
I had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery I still deal with constant nausea. I can barely eat, and I am unable to live life and go anywhere?
I have chronic lumbar back pain, would surgery make me regain a healthy life?
I have pain, discomfort, almost non-stop frequent urination, my life has become miserable?
I’m feeling discomfort in chest I did ECG and chest x ray all normal?
Question: My knees keep swelling How can I get rid of it?
I had major heart attack, active thyroid, Crohn’s disease, diverticulitis, bronchitis. What’s wrong with me?
I’m 19 and losing my hair…why?
I had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic), pain hasn’t gone away?
I had breast reduction, my doctor took 550 g from right and 450g from left breast?
Dry, itchy patches on my face, need second doctor opinion?
We have this patient who’s veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?
I swallowed 20 tablets of 40mg Citalopram whay should I do?
Question: My 3 Year Old boy has fever for 6 days?
I have noticed a massive change (weight loss) in myself without having any change of diet or exercise, now worrying?
Question: I have high IgG levels
I’ve been coughing up blood today?
Pain in right leg,  consulted neurosurgeon.mri was done.medical treatment is being given but no significant improvement?
Question: I have polycystic ovary syndrome.. now I have spotting or bleeding every couple of days
I have a bulged disc in my back. Lumbar region, L4 and L5, I don’t know what to do anymore?
I have the nexplenon birth control, I’m in pain?
Fetal echo cardiography done, Doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?
Just found out I have Hepatitis C?
I have abdominal pains, legs are numb and weak can you help me
Every time I cough or sneeze I pass blood clots, also through vaginal discharge and during intercourse?
My leg has had spasms for some time, now  I had total body spasm?
After I had medical induced coma, my health has gone downhill
I donated plasma the other day my vein is now hard and hurts and I’m getting bad headaches?
I removed an ovarian dermoid cyst by laparoscopy 14 months ago,i am not getting pregnant?
Did I dislocate my shoulder while bodybuilding?
I suffer from stuttering, What’s the treatment?
Admitted into the hospital for Angioedema, how to get swelling to go down?
Child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?
Question: I dislocated my patella and did not do physical therapy as recommended
I have two holes in my chest that blow bloody bubbles when I breathe?
They found a 4 cm cyst on my left kidney, now grown to 7 cm?
I have swimmers ear , cyprodex doesn’t work?
My wrist is swollen, hurts so bad can’t go to work.
I live with a person with Polyarteritis nodosa PAN, need advice?
Scratched by cat, received repetitive doses of rabipur vaccine, any need for more or too many?
I just gave birth, two weeks ago It was not a normal birth?
My sister snorted meth, voice now hoarse, mucus in throat, is it tonsils?
I have been diagnosed with PCOS, need second opinion?
Question: Unexplained fainting, weight loss, stiff muscles
I am 18 weeks pregnant and hypothyroid tsh gone up to 6.63?
My problem is dry eyes, eye drops and tear duct plugs don’t work, need solution?
For the last 2 weeks, my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb, grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible?
My grandfather (71 years old ) was the victim of a medical mistake?
I was hit in the ear I can’t hear properly ,really hurts – don’t know what to do?
Question: Red eye after cornea transplant?
My boyfriend and I are thalassemia carriers need advice regarding getting pregnant?
If I remove my testicles, will my testosterone production cease?
I’m only 19 but have problems remembering very simple facts, happening more and more frequently?
I have digestion problems, I don’t  digest well, stools are dark?
I sliced the corner tip of my index finger off?
I was diagnosed with RP retinitis pigmentosa, I need your help because I don’t want to go blind?
I have pollen allergy, on my skin began to appear purple linear changes?
I am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. I have been diagnosed with Sciatica?
I’ve been diagnosed with a UTI and have antibiotics that aren’t doing anything?
I had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?
Question: I have fluids in my eyes…what is it …please help
I got dermal fillers for my lips, after accident, I noticed a little ball/bump inside it?
I’ve also got grade 3 asthma I went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine, but I still have a wheezing cough and pains?
I had a semen analysis, need second doctor opinion and more advice?
I have been diagnosed with ADHD. The last two years I have been severely depressed and anhedonic?
Was having a bad bout of OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder), felt a weird sensation in my head?
I can’t fully turn head to left for about 4 years due to acute pain?
I am snorting Tylenol, scared to talk to my doctor?
Question: Pulmonary tuberculosis – Lung nodule
I’m swollen through the stomach neck and face. I have no energy like I used to?
CT scan found a 5mm Stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?
Question: Lower stomach is swollen, and quite hard, breasts swollen – is it serious?
I have a horrible pain in my left side every time I orgasm?
Question: Does this stubborn itchy rash under my arm need an anti-fungal or a steroid cream?
If I test negative for hpv with my Pap tests , do I need separate anal hpv test?
I have several very itchy, red, bumps spread randomly on my arms, legs, and stomach?
I am a veteran who has beta thalassemia minor and asthma while in deployment in Afghanistan?
Diagnosed with anxiety disorder, can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?
I’m 39 weeks pregnant and have just discovered I have thread worm, I can’t take any medication as not recommended?
Diagnosed with Patella Alta ratio 1.7, is surgery only option?
My vagina is swollen, have  kind of wart, bleeding, but not in my period?
My husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
My white blood cells (WBC) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria.
Tapering off taper Candesartan, horrible neurological symptoms appear?
I have menstruation problems, doc gives me lots of meds, want to have a baby?
I am concerned I am possibly pre-diabetes?
I have hormonal imbalance, I was diagnosed when I was a teenager?
I have been suffering from low grade fever, excessive saliva at night, dark and less urine?
I have a patient of mine, has pitting oedema, difficult diagnosis, any help would be appreciated?
My father diagnosed with stomach cancer, is not treatable, please advise?
I hit my head, I still have the numbness in my arms and hand
I had a hemorrhoidectomy in June, do I need another one?
Question: Dark purple spot on breast
My cousin has severe anemia, fever- doctors can’t do anything for him?
Question: I suffer scalp dandruff like fungal infection …. thrown out of the clinic
I have a stiff neck a stomach that doesn’t digest and swollen eyes?
Question: 12 year old girl, can’t concentrate, feels desperate, speaks only to mom.
Arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis), are my running days over?
65 year old male with cervical spine (neck) pain, xrays say nothing wrong. We don’t believe that?
4 year old child loses conscious every 3-4 minutes and losing sensation on side of body?
I have experienced permanent blurred light vision (over a year)?
I feel pain at the heart several times in a day?
Itchy rash for 2+ months. It’s on  back, stomach, arms, armpits, legs…scabies?
I have jaw, ear and parotid pain for over 6 weeks.  What is this mass on mri?
I was recently diagnosed with an Atypical Mole (Dysplastic Nevi), please advise?
Having problems with major joint pain all over my body?
Patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for 1-2 secs?
Can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?
Had ruptured brain aneurysm, now dizzy, loss of balance, split vision both eyes seeing separately?
If a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated is that classed as medical negligence?
I have a strange medical problem feel weak, fatigued, dizzy, chilled, and cloudy headed, terrible skin sores?
I have knocked knees – no fix – or do I need surgery?
I had accident, whiplash, pain in shoulder and collar bone?
I have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin, need second opinion?
I was prescribed Norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection Was that a proper medication prescription?
I use cocodamol, had severe tight chest pains. Why is this?
Question: My family has Familial Tremors…my tremors have now increased
Question: Did thyroid test – do I have Hashimoto’s disease?
I have many symptoms: chills, shakiness, trouble sleeping, weakness, need second doctor opinion?
Question: Abscess between my legs, taking antibiotics….what next?
I’ve been diagnosed with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RRMS), losing weight can it be Lyme Disease?
Been getting chest pains for years, ekg shows problem P wave. Did I have heart attack?
My 10 year old daughter has had a stomach ache for a week…need your opinion?
I have on going dull knee pains for over two years?
I’ve been suffering from very hard persistent re flux with or without eating  for almost like one year?
Question: My teeth have turned yellow?
Symptoms are similar to angina , tests all OK, doctors are stumped could it be Coronary Microvascular Disease?
I had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction,20 years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?
I started getting mild sickness after eating about 1 year ago. it has now progressed?
Had a transvaginal ultrasound done, don’t  see fetal pole, is it normal?
I have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since September?
Question: I had CT Scan for throat cancer – can I trust results
Spots appeared on my areola, now flaking?
I have a defect in the base of my skull, need a second medical opinion?
I have back problems, shoulder,neck, back pain – MRI shows numerous issues?
I had mastoiditis, yellowish brownish color of drainage and blood coming out of ear?
I have been experiencing sharp pain in the mid point of my back, right next to my spine?
I have joint pain, lightheaded feeling headaches , neck pain, teeth grinding, severe social anxiety?
Question: My 12 year old boy has Pectus Excavatum…should he continue wearing posture brace?
I’ve just turned 40 and have advanced glaucoma started having confused episodes?
Bad asthma flare up, no signs of mononucleosis, white blood cell count was low, any ideas?
I had facial paralysis 6 years ago?
I have not had a voice for 7 weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck?
I have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?
Question:  Want to remove plate and screws in my arm … need 2nd opinion
3 year old daughter had reflux, high temp, bad stomach can it be kidney infection?
I have lower back pain, been to chiropractor, doctor, and physical therapist, nothing helps?
A year ago I found a large lump top of my right breast?
My father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?
Question: Lost 100 lbs, coccyx broken, unable to move
I think my urologist did a poor job with my circumcision?
My son is experiencing stinging when urinating, not UTI, please advise?
Do I have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
I suffer with headaches/migraines frequently
Question:  Doctors don’t know what’s wrong?
8 weeks pregnant, now have pink discharge?
I have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?
I suffer in page in front of vagina, painkillers don’t ease the pain?
Ive been living with Candida Yeast infection for about 18 years now . I didn’t know till like a year ago what Candida was?
I had a sinus infection that turned into headaches, migraine and dizziness?
Stage 2 throat and neck cancer, undergoing chemo and radiotherapy, need second opinion?
In hospital now for 3 weeks for bacterial infection, hematoma, antibiotics not working, can you help?
I have had Idiopathic intracranial hypertension, now lose vision, doctors don’t know why?
Question: I have difficulty urinating
I have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid?
I had an ultra sound for my first pregnancy – no heartbeat. Is it ok to do natural miscarriage?
I sprained my ankle really bad I have partial tears of ligaments – need second opinion?
Had surgery on my tail bone won’t heel, doctor said was good but it’s not?
I had a wooden splinter on my left ankle doctor said no tetanus, need second doctor opinion
I have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis the doctors don’t know what’s wrong?
Is it Legg-Perthes-Calvé disease?
Concerned about my daughter’s recent blood work?
I have night sweating, headache, hot and cold flushes, I don’t want to keep taking tablets as I am pregnant?
My wife’s upper thighs turned purple, all blood tests are ok?
After eating certain foods, I suffer high BP, loss of breath, loss of strength?
I’ve been having some trouble breathing through my nose?
My six year old cut himself with rusty nail, now cannot bend easily – is it tetanus?
A spot was found in my left upper chest x ray?
I have lower stomach pain , red urine, vomiting, I have been to the hospital 3 times they can’t get it to stop?
For 3 months now I have had severe nausea. Cant hold anything down?
My pregnancy tests are negative, but my belly is getting bigger?
Question: 23 years old, have had chest pain for about a year now
My mother is type II diabetic, woke up with marks under her right breast?
I have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain?
I began to have pain in my left hip, across my stomach and in my left groin?
I feel worn out, can’t sleep, nauseous and cold?
I have left side pain and urinate blood?
I’ve just lost my toe nail – skin is really yellow
Question: I can’t breathe… choking
I get sharp headaches, spells of light-headedness and dizziness, fevers on and off?
New born 1 month old nephew is suffering from feet gangrene doctor want to amputate toes?
I felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?
Question: Syphilis but no sex in 2 years
Took apple cider vinegar to relieve cold and flu, now nose is bleeding?
I have persistent leucocytosis 12.5k for 1 year. Treatment with antibiotics didn’t reduce the WBC count?
I have a knee problem, pain is increasing?
All my body is swelling, my feet, face breast I guess it is water retention I am in panic?
My blood work showed inflammation. I have Crohn’s disease do I need steroids?
I am experiencing, joint pain, aches, swollen feet, and blue veins around my joints?
I had some bumps on my penis, not painful, is it herpes?
Question: I can’t eat anything without throwing up?
I recently had my tattoo removal surgery for 4th session, is it Hypertropic scar or keloid?
I got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns?
I suffer from daily headaches that vary in pain, I have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury?
Tests show high levels of Creatinine, Calcium, Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium and Phosphorus?
I have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with 9 mm retraction. Do I have to have surgery ?
I suffer from a neurological disease (CMT disease), if I get my ankle fused would I walk properly?
I was hiy by a car when I was 7, why is one calf growing bigger than the other?
I found a small painful red lump on my right breast, then found 2 more?
I’m concerned about my elevated blood pressure?
I had the brilliant idea to inject my my husbands semen into my uterus?
I had surgery on Friday, I noted a swollen lip  how could this injury have occurred?
I’ve had rapid breast growth, want breast reduction surgery, what age  should I typically get this surgery?
Question: Fell down, cracked head – arms and legs now feeling numb?
I am a 32 year old female diagnosed with Gaucher disease type 1, help me understand my test results??
Question: I am a female-to-male transgender. Should I look at male or female asthma chart?
I have balance problems, difficulty walking and vertigo?
Question: White growth in my mouth?
I have a rash on my face?
Suffering from staph (Staphylococcus) aureus how do I get cured from this deadly infection?
Cancer back in 2015, are laboratory results worrisome?
My BF has Pericarditis, heart pains never last, now pain won’t go away?
I have migraine, headaches, blurred vision, disoriented, slurred speech, fever, weakness, Nothing is helping me?
My hands are shaking, can’t write, voice shivering, please help me?
My husband woke up with pain all over Pain intensity 9 on a scale of 1-10
Question: Neck inflammation and head tension…affecting my life
My husband has been sick for a week has cold sweat, feels nauseated and dizzy?
Question: Unexplained headaches … does MRI show problem?
I take melatonin supplements, become disoriented, urinate everywhere, how to prevent this?
I have strange symptoms is it  multiple sclerosis (MS) or Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)-Lou Gehrig’s disease?
Question: I have conjunctivitis (pink eye) with yellow discharge
I  feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs?
I was diagnosed mitrial valve prolapse, hard to focus and concentrate, need CT or MRI?
Finished my breast cancer treatment, joints In my finger are red and swollen, it wakes me up all night from painful numbness?
I have calcification, found lots of small movable lumps, is it serious?
Question: Typhoid attacks …fever…bad health?
I started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?
I have relatively high fever, with cough and rash in throat?
I have found on my right shin a “rash”. Hydrocortisone cream has done nothing to it?
I am tired, legs feel heavy and have disequilibrium, doctors can’t pinpoint problem?
Question: 10 days continuous vomiting, tests all OK…can it be gastroparesis?
Question:  Measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine …safe to repeat shots
I now am going for robotic surgery had hysterectomy almost a year ago?
My father is tortured by things he believes in, I don’t know where to go next.
I have scoliosis,  I’m worried about it getting worse?
My son had DTap, Polio, Chicken Pox, and MMR Vaccines now can barely move?
I had swelling in feet ankles and legs, low hemoglobin, now swelling again?
My wife had a sudden body pain attack we need medical advice before undergoing medical treatment?
I was diagnosed with mononucleosis 7 months ago . Since then I have not been able to recover?
Question: I have pain in my right kidney and swollen and painful left testicle
I feel people looking at me – it plays on my mind?
For the past two months I have been having breast pain?
I have had long term constipation with several episodes of impaction?
I was born with a trigger thumb, had another steroid injection hurting pretty badly?
I have night sweats, can’t focus, lack of sleep, weight loss, what is going on?
I’m a 32 year old male. I had a UTI just over a year?
Question: Lower back pain – what should I do?
I dislocated my toe, doctor wants to have pin surgery, need second opinion?
Growth under my tongue, varies in size when I eat?
15 year old always gets headaches, no one and nothing helps?
My grandma hasn’t slept in 15 days, she has bronchitis?
Question: What caused abortion and how to prevent it next time?
I want to stop using Ativan, what should I do?
I have high blood pressure, medication makes me tired, want to stop meds
My uterus is retroverted and retroflexed, my doctor doesn’t want to refer me to a specialist?
I have been having pain in my mid back, left and right side…at times stabbing?
My son has EOSINOPHILIC GASTROENTERITIS, what should we do next?
My tongue, mouth and back of throat are dry, doctors and ENT don’t know why?
Question: bladder neck incision … I still get bleeding and blood clots
I have heart problems, please diagnose me?
I am pregnant but my doctor says I am not?
I have an “blue eye” problem… area around my left eye for years now?
I have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?
Had 8 teeth removed swelling has increased everyday since surgery?
Diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis, developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?
I have unexplained acute onset of tingling in both my legs, nerve test shows no problem?
My son who is 20 months old does not communicate?
Two month ago, we had a wonderful girl. But she was born with deformed toes in one foot?
I have had 5 surgeries I am in constant pain.
My lips are unable to moisturize themselves, hbs, rvs and mp test, what next?
The doctor diagnosed me with Epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for 7 days?
My B6 levels are at toxicity levels, what is wrong?
I have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? Does this sound like a UTI or a STD?
Sprained left ankle for a year and a half. Ligament injury, synovitis with effusion?
I am self medicating myself with thyronorm 75 mcg, I don’t want to lose my baby this time?
I’ve had debilitating pelvic pain for over a year. It affects my bladder, lady parts and colon/intestines?
I have been suffering from prostatitis, there is presence of pseudomonas fluorescens, need second opinion?
My 15 year old daughter has Tricuspid valve regurgitation, nausea getting worse?
I don’t want to die –  I’m taking prednisone 20mg for 4 days and I am dehydrated?
Few years back had dengue fever but what is cause of new disease?
I have breast cancer, raised creative kinase, is it a secondary cancer?
My eyes are swollen and hurting, taking Pristiq, Doctors say nothing to do? I’m miserable.
I’m currently going through a miscarriage, how long will this take?
My baby is 14 days old, suffering from loose motion is Walamycin, Enterogermina ok?
I have had stiffness of the neck for 4 years now. I need a real solution?
I had yearly pap yesterday, doctor says discharge may be yeasty, frightened it is cervical cancer?
I received a urethral bulking procedure with the Coaptite injectable implant, now in constant pain, doctors don’t know why?
I am anxious about my recent MRI –  anything alarming, or am I just a worry wart?
I have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth I can’t really breath?
I have been feeling very depressed and it hasn’t gone away?
My mother has fibroid, gynecologist suggested removal of vagina, need second opinion?
Had accident right hip –  I am in a lot of pain in my hip, buttocks, back and leg.
I had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth? Dentist doesn’t see anything wrong?
Question: Dome shaped red bumps on penis
I was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia, worried heart rate will go too low?
I contracted a spinal infection and 3 operations later I have been left with a damaged spine?
I have cognitive impairment. Can I get dementia as a young adult?
I broke my femur, can hobble here and there, can’t put my socks on?
Question: 8 weeks pregnant, umbilicus is infected
I have athlete’s foot on the hands and feet or eczema?
I had rash, covered my whole stomach, now it is on my neck?
I have severe period pains, taking Mefanamic acid, need to solve medical problem for good?
Question: Large growth on foot.
I have varicocele 3rd grade can I improve male fertility if improve male fertility if I go for varicocele microsurgery?
I have ocular migraine and pain, trouble breathing and feel intoxicated, dizzy and cold?
I underwent a lung lobectomy, now the left side of my body is always cold?
Question: I am 50 years old, doctor says no need for contraception?
I can see white patches and a big red patch with a white spot on it in my mouth?
There is bright red blood from my anus when I have bowel movement and when urinating?
I been very tried and dizzy lightheaded and gaining weight thyroglobulin antibodies says 3 h should I be concerned?
How do I gain weight and what kind of doctor do I need to see?
My mother in law is bedridden, shaking, incontinent and virtually sleeps all day, no one seems to care?
I have had chest xrays,  blood work, a heart monitor and a few other things done to check my heart and everything came up normal…but?
Been having severe headaches shocking pain down the back part of my head
For the past 3 days I have had an INTENSE pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow?
35 weeks pregnant, my vaginal walls are so swollen i cannot see inside and my pelvis hurts?
My mom has been coughing several times each day for the past 9 months, sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?
I’m captain of running team, had bad accident, doc says zero activity…but I need to run?
I have been dealing with a shaking sensation when my muscles are under stress/load?
I have 2 circles that are the same color as scar tissue on thigh, what is it?
I had tummy tuck 2 years ago, now need cholecystectomy?
Question: Abnormal discharge during my pregnancy
I have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?
My immune system is deficient in the 1gG3 classification, please advise?
What is my risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulants?
Had total knee replacements, I am not feeling good, no energy, depressed, no appetite, have lost weight?
For the past months I am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen?
I am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet, my hands feel like they are on fire all the time?
I’m experiencing symptoms of Sciatica/Piriformus spasm, how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
I have  human papilloma virus (HPV) 16, will I get cancer?
Question: I had hysterectomy a year ago.  I am bleeding about every 4 days.
Question: My son has had a swollen lymph node in his neck
After 3 hernia operations, a medium sized bubble formed about 4cm below the stitches?
My son is 8 weeks old and has had mucus green diarrhea almost 2 weeks?
I got STDs treated with ceftriaxone IM and doxocycline?
Question: Bad smell from my vagina
Question: My father is diabetic, what type of additional nutritional supplements can he take?
I have history of Amebiasis, what foods will trigger it again?
My 17.5 yo son had Henoch-Schonlein Purpura (HSP), developed severe joint pain, so bad he can hardly walk?
I am having this dry skin condition after medication for diabetics and cardio vascular medicine?
Question: Bad pain in my thoracic – orthopedic doctors baffled
I have H-pylori ulcers in the stomach what should I eat?
My father is a lung cancer patient nsclc?
I have a gout attack…blotches going up my leg?
Pain in head, neck, left arm and lower back, xray shows degeneration, here are my MRI results?
I noticed an itch on my scalp, I’m now scratching uncontrollably?
I cough up blood but have had a CT scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal?
I have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach?
I have colon cancer stage 3b, I have abdomen pain, MRI of Omentum and lesions of concern?
My 10yr old son has patches on his back and stomach. It may be ring worms?
I’ve recently gone to the dentist and said they found oral cancer?
Pain behind right eye, blurriness, headache, sinus pain?
Question: Acid reflux with swollen rib cage
Orthopedic doctor claimed surgery is the only solution for shoulder problem, need second opinion?
I have been experiencing headaches that are throbbing primarily in the back/top of my head?
I have lower back and abdominal pain feels similar to the period pains but in between periods?
I have anemia! I was diagnosed with pneumonia, pain has now moved to my shoulder and ribs is it normal?
My father has paralysis in his left leg is in pain?
I’m 31 years old I’ve been diagnosed with digital papillary carcinoma what are the treatments?
I have rare sarcoid disease, probable lupus, suffer scalp/ears seborrhea that’s out of control?
In severe pain in my lower back and legs, had MRI, what does it mean, what should I do?
Question: Much higher blood pressure when resting…is it unusual?
Mass in partoid gland, what is it, I feel like I’m slowly dying?
I had a knee arthroscopy 9 months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?
I had mild disc bulge and a degeneration in the 5th of my lumber, what therapy should I undergo?
I am having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet?
I have Lordosis of back spine, need second opinion?
Chronic fatigue, joint pain, low grade fever, night sweats, family physician doesn’t know what’s wrong?
I have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?
My baby had immunization in UK and he should have done the third shot but can’t?
I am  kite surf instructor but have spine condition pain too much too handle?
I have sinus infection , went to ER now feel no energy, tired and weak?
I have congenital diaphragmatic eventration, is Himalayan trekking advisable?
I have recently been declared disabled,  I have not slept over 2 or 3 hours at night, doc says no lorazapm?
I  have hard pulse in neck artery, numb ear pressure feeling, neck numbness?
When I shower, I break out in red “bumps” across my chest, abdomen, shoulders, and back?
GP thinks I have tonsillitis or glandular fever, what should I do?
Question: My mom has bronchitis..breathing heavily but…
I take Prilosec 20mgs (OTC) and have taken this daily for over 10 yrs straight?
Question: Hi I have white lumps on the top of my throat?
My son is 10 days in ICU Is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery?
I’ve been trying to conceive about a year now, if I take fertility pills will they help?
I had pneumonia, pleurisy,pain doesn’t go away?
I have needle like pain in my right side abdomen and groin with some pain in back?
Question: Dull aching pain…is it a fracture?
My mouth is turning from brown to pink, what is happening?
I had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer 3 years ago?
I have major headaches, painful throat, excessive saliva?
I’ve been getting heavy periods , tiredness , my whole body is tender, migraines?
Question: I suffer severe migraines when using laptop and phone
I have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
Diagnosed with type 2 diabetes reduced A1C blood test without using Metformin and Lisinopril?
Question: To my horror, I am now developing spider veins on my cheeks
I am convinced I have Celiacs, Is there another way I can seek a diagnosis?
Question: My sister is interested in donating a kidney … but …
Diagnosed with “blood brain abnormalities” but MRI says I’m OK?
I was diagnosed with macular hole in my left eye, surgeon said vitrectomy is it still worth risking it?
Diagnosed with PMR (Polymyalgia Rheumatica) 20 months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?
My mom suffers from gum bleeding, sweating, back bone pain, red marks in her body and weakness?
I woke up muffled hearing and ear ringing in my right ear, is it serious?
I am taking bromocriptine, feel restlessness, dizziness, fainting,body pains and fever.
Question: Pain in Legs – Varicose veins?
My ligaments are cracking, grinding, painful – Rice Krispie Sounds – what do I have?
I suffer with asthma, the last few hours I have a been getting a shooting pain in my left side?
I had dengue fever, feel numbness, losing my vision, broke into cold sweat?
My Mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?
I have HCV, asthma and chronic bronchitis. For the past 4 days I have had bad upper and lower GI cramps?
Question:  White discharge from my vagina
Constipation, Diarrhea, Bloating, Intense stomach pain?
Question: My daughter is on methadone cold turkey, suffering severe reactions…
I got my blood ferritin level checked as i was feeling exhausted, it is low?
I have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?
I’m a stressed out 15 year old girl, stomach, back killing me with pain?
I am ill  for two years with gastro issues, sweating, weight loss, thick phlegm?
5year old male child with a recurrent GIT and Respiratory infection?
We’re thinking of getting an ovulation testing device would this be an effective birth control method?
Surgeon said he had to take cartilage out from my jaw?
Do I have  Lupus or some chronic viral infection?
Question: Japanese Encephalitis Immunization, got only first injection not second?
Question: I need relief from chronic epididymitis
We are trying for 2nd baby, fertility consultation has not worked?
I have halitosis, doctor says  I have an H. pylori?
Small bumps all over my body, turning into rashes, I’m really scared?
I Think I Have Herpes Discoverd A Big Bump Then Little Small Bumbs By My Vagina?
My body hasn’t been feeling good at all What can be wrong?
I get very paranoid about allergies and death, please help?
Question: How to enhance taste buds in geriatrics
I am 33 years old, I need shingles vaccine, but am I too young to have it?
I’m 16, my period cycle is 55 days, is it normal?
Red bumps, then swelling turned in to blistering?
Question: I have numbness in my fingers and feet – Feel angry and Frustrated
10 month old female has clay colored stools, is it a liver problem?
I have a reaction from the flu shot I received?
Been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder?
My kid is suffering from ….this … what is it?
I have had throbbing pain under my 8th -10th left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an 8?
58-year-old female experiencing neurological problems… Parkinson’s disease?
Question: Pain and stiffness in my hands…I have very limited resources
I go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days,totally disengaging myself?
I started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen?
Question: Dizzy to the point I can barely walk
I Have Problems With Platelets I need a surgery to remove the spleen?
I have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed, drained twice, but it came back?
I have growth on my scalp, getting bigger?
My wife’s latest ultra sound shows 4 cysts in her ovary what are chances for (IVF) In Vitro Fertilization?
I’ve been following LCHF (Low carb-High Fat) diet for just 2 months only, please advise?
I have had a loud high-pitched ringing in both of my ears for the past year now?
I was diagnosed with gastritis I now have stomach inflammation?
I was shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out?
On 60 mcg of Synthroid currently. Should I be taking more?
I have a constant pressure on my bladder?
I am sunburned on various areas of my body, taken Benadryl with no results yet?
I have hearing problems, sometimes sounds are too loud, sometimes too quiet.
Doctor is suggesting that Dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. I need a second opinion?
Question: Large hard mass in the back of my neck is it a sign of lymphoma
I’m really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?
I have herniated disk, either I have surgical operation or physiotherapy, which is best?
I have severe pain and swelling in my buttock, groin,thigh and calf?
Nurse prescribed 10 days of Cefdinir, had terrible drug reaction, how can I stop this?
I fell at work, hurt my knee, doctor and I disagree on problem?
I have abdominal pain,  hallucinations, arm pain,  leg pain and shaking?
I have swollen salivary glands, doctor doesn’t know what it is, I am in agony?
Back pain for a month now, ct scan shows no stone, nothing seems to help?
Question: Had inguinal hernia…still swollen?
I was diagnosed with PANDAS syndrome I often run low grade fevers, have fatigue, and chills?
Do I have cirrhosis or a fatty liver?
Question: Shooting pains in my back, side, bottom – doctors say they don’t know
I have heard that women can ovulate at any time?
I take steroid prednisolone for ivf/pregnancy due to auto immune issue  but I have herpes 2 will this affect baby?
I’m afraid I can’t carry out my pregnancy, what should I do?
I have lump on breast, hospital refused to do the mammogram?
My daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?
Just discovered a 4cm x 4cm cyst inside my left ovary via ultrasound, will ovary need removal?
Question: Sharp pain lower abdomen
I had a contraceptive implant put in a week and a half ago, and have constant bleeding since?
I have an upper hernia, I can usually push it back in but it pops right back out?
Question: 46 year old male had stroke on right side of brain…now another stroke?
I had non Hodgkin lymphoma what can help me manage the pain?
Question:  Excruciating bladder pain…doctors in a dead end?
How to treat leiomyosarcoma and rectal cancer at the same time?
I’m pregnant with an incarcerated uterus, doctors don’t know what to do with me?
My son has uneven hip creases becoming more pronounced
Cancer of lymph nodes with bowel blockage, doctor says too dangerous to operate?
Using colostomy bag after hernia surgery, after 7 days haven’t passed stools?
I started having a burning, uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
I have  been taking synthroid for at least 10 years, now want to get pregnant?
My son, Age 7 years, shows unexpected occasional shivering?
I’ve been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn.
Surgeon left a broken anchor in me, Should I be concerned?
I’ve had swollen lymph nodes on the back of my neck, vomiting, and fever?
I have abdominal discomfort everyday, do I need endoscopy?
I started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye, right temple area, and backside of the right side of my head?
How long do I have left to live?
My daughter has cutis marmorata, Is there a treatment for it? Or cover up make up?
I have chronic back pain – gotten worse over the past few months?
Question: Suffering from nocturnal emission…on homeopathy medication
I had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels, still having pain?
My eldest daughter is suffering excruciating pain, need second opinion?
Hematoma after mini face-lift,  caused lips and eyes to be swollen shut?
Question: I’ve been prescribed megestrol (cancer drug) but don’t have cancer – I’m confused!
I get unconscious due to fits, what should I do?
Suspected to have a lung cancer  fine needle biopsy found a few atypical cells and no malignant cells?
I’ve been sick for over 4 years.  I have stomach pain, cramps, diarrhea, mild constipation, mild headache, mild nausea, fatigued?
I have “man boobs” do I need surgery or is there a drug that can help?
Missed period, brown discharge spotting on toilet paper. This has never happened before?
I had a full blown Grand Mal Seizure, now having pains right beneath my right ribs?
I suffer from olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over 20yrs?
I am a 40-year-old woman who still gets acne, are there any topical treatments that work?
My fiance can no longer walk, diagnosed with giallam barret incorrectly, hospital has no explanation?
I’ve been experiencing a nonstop period for several months, is it  endometriosis or my fibroids?
I was told I’m severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush, as well as 975 other things?
I developed severe tendinitis in my neck, I had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head?
Question: Sharp stabbing pain on my right side…I am a smoker
I broke my collarbone back in 2009, my chest seems to have become a bit deformed since the incident?
My urine test shows leukocytes 40000, 17000 erythrocytes, and I had some epithelial cells?
After staph infection, I have been getting pressure and sharp or dull throbbing pain in my upper left leg?
I am bleeding after taking Cerelle Contraceptive Pill?
I’m 17 years old, have a hard time breathing, chest hurts and painful migraines?
I have a mole on the back of my neck
My husband is 42y/o Hx. of stroke 1 year ago.  He awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?
Lost some hearing (at about 40%) in my left ear will this become permanent?
I feel numbness in my legs, legs are cold or hot, numbness in my left cheek, can hardly move fingers?
After giving birth I have pain during intercourse, had first degree tear during birth?
My wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy, is there a problem?
Mammogram indicates a benign breast lump, but now other lumps have appeared?
I’ve had a severe migraine for 5 days that goes away temporarily when eating, especially sugary foods?
I got sick after going to my doctor she gave me 2 antibiotics flustat, adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
I have been having heartburn for a couple years, body itching with no rash, pain behind my right shoulder blade?
I’ve been getting ectopics whenever I do anything that raises my heart level, need your advice?
I suffered a severe concussion, arm now paralyzed?
We have been trying to have a baby for over 2 years now and nothing is happening?
I have ecoli vaginitis will it cure itself if I stopped antibiotics?
I had a miscarriage, could I have lost only one of the twin babies?
What are the risks in an endarterectomy, for woman with stenosis at 80% of the right carotidis?
Question: CT scan shows issue with prostate?
Passed out sometime after falling – dizziness and blurred vision?
Arogyam package test result shows imbalance in Homocystein level and vitamin B12 and D3 levels are very low?
My daughter’s blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
My boyfriend has head trauma, there is bruising and redness and possible memory loss?
Question: 27  year old thinks may have Osteoarthritis or…
I was told I had a kidney infection, I still have the pain but ultrasound says no infection?
My father had liver transplant,  enzymes are increasing highly?
I have boils all over my scalp and I could see pus coming out of it?
I have cramping blood in my stool and large black spots and intense nausea?
Question: I may have allergic contact derm on my face from years of facial products.
I have contractions pain and I lost a large blood clot, could I have had a miscarriage?
Getting tired of going to Dr and still no answers?
I have had a pain in my lower left quadrant of my stomach?
I had cold coagulation for (cin) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, I have bleeding since that day?
I have  brown-orange urine for a year, how can I cure it?
I’ve suffered from episodic ataxia type 2 all my life?
Question: Sharp, stabbing chest pains on the right side
Found thyroid nodule, is CNB the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?
Question: My father wets the bed
I have pain in my back and chest, the pain is unbearable and I can’t sleep?
I have pain higher up on the left side of my chest and in my left armpit
My father is suffering from Grade 4 fibrosis with Cirrhosis suffering nausea and vomiting.
My mother has “suddenly”  become  almost totally non talkative?
I was diagnosed with crohn’s, when anemic I have staph infections?
Question: Mosquito bites on vacation leave dark purple spots
Rash on buttocks, by sitting at the beach- sand fleas, cutaneous larva migrans?
I have stinging sensations outside my vagina, too scared to get scanning or tell my parents
I have moles on my shoulders,  a few on my back?
Question: I have horrible vaginal odor…even after taking antibiotics
I used ultra chloraseptic spray on my 7 year old daughter?
When I have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. What should I use?
I am having some problems with tooth No 25?
After lumpectomy, lymph node surgery and radiation therapy, I have stabbing pain in lower back?
Can my unsteadiness and imbalance be due to only spine issues or Parkinson’s or both?
I have a non tender left sub mandibular lymph mode swelling,can it be cancerous??
My husband has been coughing up phlegm with bright red blood?
Should I tell my fellow dancers I have ringworm?
My son is 8 years old and has been having abnormal blood work for 2 years now?
Question: I am 13 yrs. old I have swollen lymph nodes a headache, fever of 102 and my ears ring
I have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?
Recent erectile dysfunction, should I avoid changing medication and go for a pump?
My husband has stomach cancer  he refused treatment,now he is unable to eat solid food?
I developed breathing difficulties approx 2 years ago, which have worsened daily since?
I get out of puff by just sitting down, had chest infection 2 yrs ago?
I have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to L4-L5?
My mother has chronic pain and lost her mobility – is medical cannabis oil ok?
About 5 days after being raped , my gums started to swell, do I have herpes?
I have been suffering of imbalance, exhaustion, lack of focus and nervousness?
I had lesion in my scrotum, now eyelashes fall,eyebrow and hair fall…itching in body, mouth ulcers, cold?
My 9 y/o boy was diagnosed with Idiopathic Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IPAH), what do you recommend?
I need a CT scan, how urgent is it?
I’ve been using ssri (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)throughout my life, I feel my sense of taste is altered?
I have been having really painful pelvic pain for about two weeks now?
I am an epileptic, but I have been feeling especially dizzy lately?
We lost our only daughter 1 year ago, I have severe upper back pain, head ache,memory loss and difficultly breathing?
I am thinking to have Varicocele surgery, would it help ?
My daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
I have nausea and been vomiting for a month. Mental or Physical problem?
I have strong stomach aches, get constipated,sweaty,and even feel like passing out?
Broke my forearm during a fight, should I remove my long arm cast?
I’ve been having headaches for about 3 years now, losing sight in my left eye?
I was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain, losing memory?
Question: I feel I want to die…Is this normal for a 15 year old?
I’ve had left ovarian vein thrombosis extending into left renal vein, is embolization appropriate?
Question: What is wrong with my body?
I have chronic back pain neurosurgeon wants to do another decompression surgery?
I have erythrophobia (the fear of blushing), what can I do?
Question: 15 year old has terrible migraines…taking loads of pills for years…
Question: Cricket ball hits testicle, had pain for 4 years now, can’t move my leg.
Doctor recommended operation to remove cysts on both ovaries, need a second opinion?
My semen was pink in color and the last time it had blood in it?
I had a major foot surgery 6 months ago I have severe nerve pain due to complication?
I did xray and the findings are suspicious densities in upper right lobe?
My left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
I’m 39 weeks pregnant, Doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible? Need second opinion.
I have been treated with bipolar disorder, My psychiatrist doesn’t want to prescribe any antidepressant?
I caught Clostridium Difficile Colitis (cdiff), after antibiotics and fecal transplant I have pain, nausea and vomiting?
Question: GP changed meds 2 months ago…my life has turned into hell
My knee will occasionally catch, at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?
Question: Gastroesophageal reflux disease and antidepressants?
Question: Belly aching, Starving, Nauseous, Can’t Sleep – What could it be?
I had rotatory cuff surgery and it locks up on me?
I have chronic shortness of breath?
Question: Fulkerson Osteotomy…is it infected?
I have sharp pain under my lower left rib cage, what is it?
had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years, now have a ganglion cyst as well?
I get spinal injections for pain relief but I still have terrible pain?
I would appreciate advice on a drug regimen that will restore Serotonin while dealing with short-term anxiety symptoms?
Question: After giving birth 7 years ago, c section and stomach numb?
14 year old, has Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), bipolar?
Lately I have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?
I have experienced headache/ migraine at least 3 days a week for the past 5 years?
Food if I’m rushing to eat seems to get “stuck” without a sip of water? Is it a esophageal disorder?
I’m feeling High – but only taking medications?
There are mice everywhere in my village, read it is a sign of coming disease or plague?
Question: why I feel so tired to do simple things like fold clothes….
Question: I had a cyst removed today of the side of my face…
Question: Terrible headaches… worst human pain
I have a 9 year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday?
My son has a history of azthma now has croup?
What are the best times to become pregnant?
My vaginal area is swollen and cold/fever like symptoms and facial pain?
I have two cartilage piercings (piercing infections) that seem to be infected?
Question: Am I pregnant …. no period
Question: My wife has copd and stopped her breather?
My ears keep popping I get a really sharp pain and lose some hearing
Question: Lower back pain and loss of blood.
I have vomited every night shift  in a strange way,  starting to accept this vomiting as normal?
I have a speaking disorder, is there surgery or medication that can help?
Diagnosed and treated for Hyospadus, experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating?
Question: Chest pain, arm pain, dizzy….should I be worried?
My brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was 6-7 years old?
I’m 19 and  have chest pain, tightness, and a high heart rate?
Having heart valve replacement surgery, concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?
I had a “cannabis  episode” that really scared me, dizziness, neurological symptoms, cardiac pain?
Bumps in my throat, could it be laryngitis, an std or throat cancer?
Question: Face filled with small black head, white filled zits , oily filled zits, sometimes yellowish…tried everything
I have been dealing with severe fatigue, muscle tension, burning under the skin for 8 + months now?
I have been coughing since last two months. I am taking anti histamin tablet but it does not work?
Aching pain I have had in my left leg?
My daughter’s hemoglobin is low but her iron is high, doctor thinks they are fighting each other?
I can’t produce sperm, is it normal after prostate surgery?
Looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?
I’ve been diagnosed with anemia?
I have pain in my top right shoulder when I’m breathing?
I need a diet plan and herbal medicine for polysistic ovary syndrome
I have a lump on my armpit, it is growing and irritating?
Question: My boy friend and I have been diagnosed with Chlamydia..he is re infected?
I woke up to numbness and tingles from the waist down, it’s been almost a week now?
Question: Do I have kidney disease?
Painful aching pins and needles in my arms and legs?
Question: I have been having severe chest pains, irregular heart beat, swelling of the hands, legs and feet, weakness…
I have a rash on my upper inner thigh, could be STI, and spreading?
Question: Pure blood in urine…quite a lot
I have been through so many tests, and surgery and have gotten worse?
Question: I don’t know if my wound is healing.
Trying to conceive but no success, need solution?
I had a small swelling in the right breast, Is this lymphadenopathy significant
Is my new girlfriend allergic to me, I mean in a medical way?
Whey protein has caused unstoppable diarrhea, body is getting weaker by the day?
I have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last 6mo.  I have had two c-sections and have PCOS?
Question: I had a kidney stone removed is there a stone still moving in kidney
Question: Really bad hives…worried Doctor made a random guess
I have back pain for 2 years now and I’m out of breathe, but my parents say I’m OK?
I have episodes of vertigo for about 2 years, happens following a “buzz” in my head?
Question: My periods are all over the place?
I have cold hands almost all the time, even in the summer?
I’m 35 weeks pregnant my urine has no colour,  with back ache, please help?
After car accident….29 year old losing memory?
I underwent vaginal septum removal I’m experiencing vaginal rash and labia irritation
I  wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. I really don’t know what to do when this happens?
Question: My little boy always constipated or diarrhea – feel completely lost with what to do?
My kid was diagnosed with Hand Foot and Mouth Disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?
Question: Heart Rate at 131 -146 at rest….Dangerous?
I am thinking of taking a hangover prevention pill. Just wondering if these work?
My 5 month old baby doesn’t reach his development milestones?
Diagnosed with breast cancer, will a natural remedy wellness clinic work?
My 6 year old son started getting this rash around his left eye, it is growing rapidly?
I have sever stomach pains and diarrhea, scared to eat anything?
I use crutches after injured ankle, and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?
Question: I have … Hyperthyroidism or graves disease,  multinodular goitre, cancer?
HIV test is non reactive is further testing required?
I had Lumbar spinal Fusion on 10/11/2016. I am now having alot of pain. Recommended procedure consider too dangerous??
My 15 year old has stomach cramps, feeling nauseous  and no appetite?
Is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting?
Question: If pregnant are abortion tablets safe?
Question: Retired male experiencing severe cramps in hands
I had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am I headed for another embo?
Trying to get pregnant taking taking siphene tablets and folvite
I developed sever chest pain under right breast by rib cage?
I’m waking up with spots and rashes all over my stomach and back?
I have a herniated lumbar disc l5 s1 and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot?
I have constant pain in my abdomen, my appetite has gone?
My 5 year old son doesn’t listen in class and doesn’t concentrate. I don’t what to do anymore?
About 5 weeks ago my 40 lb son fell on my left foot, I had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones?
Question: Waiting for gallstones surgery – can I have a baby?
Experiencing bad chest pains after using Monistat, is this normal?
Doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen, is it justified?
Can an employee work in the food industry with Syphilis?
58 year old experiencing pressure and a heaviness in her legs?
I have something broke out all over me what could this be?
I am  having ruptured eardrum, one doctor suggested to have surgery and other suggested to wait for 3 months?
Took depo shot, when will bleeding stop?
I have horrible pain along my right leg?
I’m extremely exhausted, I have bone pain in my legs. Fast heart beat?
I have a very swollen and painful finger. I cannot move any of the joints?
Question: Abdominal pain…is it a urinary tract infection?
My husband is 29 and has facial paralysis, may be developing synkinesis, what can be done next?
Chest pain,  weakness on the left side,  and  my throat feeling tight on the left side?
I had the flu or bronchitis and now developed serious sinus infection?
Question: I think I may have bacterial Vaginosis
I have PCOS and a retroverted uterus what is the likelihood of having a child?
Question: My mother is weak – confusion and slow speech What can i give her?
I have low grade fever, that persists for 3 to even 6 months I cannot lead a normal life?
I had a snowboarding accident,  I’m always either in pain or dull and achy- am I cursed?
I’ve had 2 knee operations, knee feels like loose?
Hip replaced with radiation, now my bones are weak?
Partner in hospital 7 days (on a gastroenterology ward under the care of a gastroenterologist!). They have admitted they haven’t a clue what is wrong with her?
Question: I’m 15 year old have warts – skin tags on legs?
IV inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
Felt dizzy, pain in left arm, high b/p, fast heartbeat, rushed to hospital?
I have lost 9kg in 2 months with no exercise and horrible diet. Vomit every day. Headache constantly. Fatigue. Weakness?
I have blood in urine, convinced it could be cancer?
My 8-month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp?
I have postpartum depression/psychosis, is this a hormonal imbalance I can cure?
I am facing breathing difficulties for last 1 year,  my doctors can’t identify problem?
High blood pressure for at least past week Two episodes of blurred vision?
Question: I have phimosis, is circumcision necessary
My boyfriend and I have AS genotype, advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?
I have headaches everyday, tingling and pain in my feet, at a loss at what to do?
Severe vaginal itching gynecologist prescribed Clobetasol with no real results?
I was diagnosed with Cervical cancer I have some lymph nodes that are swollen and a ongoing cough producing phlem/mucus?
I have this thing on my face no clue what it is?
I can’t eat more food or I will get the sick feeling?
Do I have a yeast infection?
I have three screws and a rod in my leg, hurts really bad?
Could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include PACs, prostate/urologic, and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
My ankle and foot are swollen, will it or meds affect my lumbar surgery next month?
Stage 4 sarcomatoid carcinoma, 50 tumors in liver, what are best options for treatment?
I’ve been having these episodes of dizziness, lightheaded etc for over a month?
I suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?
Lost 30 pounds in three months nausea every time, they still can’t diagnose me?
I started feeling nausea, I have intense abdominal pain.  My abdomen, back and sides are sensitive and swollen?
I think I’m having an allergic reaction to my tattoos and piercings?
I’m 33+4 weeks pregnant, have had multiple kidney and urine infections, in pain?
My 8 year old is suffering from Amoebiasis, looking for better treatment?
I injured myself during a rugby game, now have sudden onset breathlessness?
Lumps on breasts,  thoracic spine and shoulder blades sore, Could I have breast cancer?
My mother has Acute Lymphocytes Leukemia – may have had a leukemiod reaction?
My grandma fell, her ankle is now huge and swollen?
I currently suffer from rheumatoid arthritis, woke up in excruciating pain?
Since birth, I don’t recall having any sense of smell?
Question: I have fibrosis, one breast is much bigger than the other…normal?
Can low testosterone levels be treated while I continue to smoke cigarettes?
I have not been well for some time now, no one can give me an answer?
I’m a male but biologically a female,may have Avoidant Personality Disorder Symptom?